How to get banned from r/Feminism

This kind of post is normally removed as it violates our subreddit policies. However, I have been travelling and didn't see it. At this point, with the number of participants and comments, removing it would also have a detrimental effect to that valuable discussion. As a result, I will be leaving this up.

Those who continue to report it won't be satisfied with the response.
It looks like they are behind on banning people. Usually [this](http://imgur.com/MAqsCnN) is enough.
"Feeling safe" is how we ended up with the TSA and their useless security theatre. 
[deleted]
Female 50 here, I tend to agree that ensuring people are safe is more important than trying to make them feel safe.  I think being safe is a generic male and female, adult and child, issue but what makes someone feel safe is an individual issue.  I don't think we can guarantee anyone's safety but we should strive to create a society where everyone is valued and in that valuation people are made safe because if you value something you tend to protect it and keep it safe.  I think it was inappropriate to ban you for raising a point of view which was not particularly offensive, derogatory or anti women.
I don't actually agree with what OP says in his argument. However, it is a valid argument and I don't see why he should be banned for it. So I tried to post a PNG of this, with the title "Is it right to ban people we don't agree with". Guess what? I got banned.
Isn't intimidation and coercion illegal?  By doing either, you're not physically hurting someone, just making them *feel* unsafe enough to do your bidding.  

So, depending on how you look at it, they may have a point.  But shutting down the discussion and banning someone making an opposing point is retarded.  
I have been a feminist since age 9. I was banned for suggesting an abused woman should have left a man who, among other things, got a neck tattoo of her name two months after they met.  She ignored red flags, I muttered something about taking responsibility and...banned.
Almost all subreddits strive to become echo chambers, while simultaneously condemning them. To be honest, that also includes this one. What seems like a reasonable, justified ban in one subreddit is often easily spun to look very much the opposite in another one.

In this case, OP went into /r/feminism and spoke out against the notion that women have a right to *feel* safe. To us it looks a lot like OP was banned for saying something that makes perfect sense - you can't just claim that you are supposed to feel safe without a reasonable basis behind it. To them, it probably looks a lot like OP is promoting behaviour that is technically legal but considered sexist. Think stuff like cat calling. If you're a woman walking out during the evening and you pass by a group of men that cat call you - you're going to feel very unsafe although statistically the chances of them doing anything illegal in this situation is very low. That's the type of "feel safe" that /r/feminism consider obvious and that it looked to them as if OP was arguing against, even though I bet most of us in here would agree that no woman should feel unsafe while out and about on her own because other people act like pigs around her.

EDIT: Lots of good responses coming in. Allow me to clarify a few things.

Cat calling as a behaviour should not be outlawed. I believe however that we men have a greater responsibility to speak up against it. Likewise, women cat calling should also be spoken up against. The behaviour isn't harmful per se but it really doesn't fit in a modern society in my opinion. If somebody wants to do it, that is fine I guess? But right now a lot of people seem to be convinced the behaviour is okay.

No, OP should not have been banned. That was sort of the point with this comment. I think both OP and the /r/feminism user had valid thoughts on the matter but due to OP being banned it seems that he had no option to clarify that and make them understand.

And no, I don't actually think this subreddit is ban happy in particular. When I type "strive to become" the word 'subconsciously' fits in there too. What I mean is that hivemind thinking is commonplace here as with most other subs and this caused us to view stuff one sided, as I believe this post to be an example of.
That makes way too much sense for that sub, they couldn't handle it
Stop mansplaining you cis male scum
Before I ask this I should clarify; I hate the whole bullshit radical feminism movement, as you all do. I believe a lot of those feminists are whining about bullshit. I agree with a lot of things posted here, And no I'm not some green haired liberal cuck, just trying to have a civil discussion because I'm confused.

Why should someone not feel safe walking down the street? There may not be anything to warrent panic, but why shouldn't people feel safe in society? 
What does this have to do with Men's Rights? Aren't we pro-men's rights, not anti-feminism?
Definitely not on either side here. And also have no cobext. But if your feelings of safety were irrelevant we would have intimidation laws. "But Officer there were no bullets in the gun, he was never in any real danger." You can completely ruin a person's life by keeping them in a state of fear. Hence anti-stalking laws. Even certain types of torture like fake executions are on the no no list. A feeling is very relavent. Consider the issue of Police Officers using lethal force, they have to *feel* threatened.       
So feelings are important.  It just raises a more complex question of "was your feeling reasonable?". If there isn't some guideline and restraint we'd all be at the mercy of over reactors. (Not real) example: 12 year comes at cop with a whiffle bat. If the cop is not very brave can they claim the felt threatened enough to use lethal force? Let's hope not.      
Ignoring feelings is just wanting things to simpler then they are. Things should be as simple as possible, but no simpler.
[deleted]
In other news water is wet.
Yeah, I got banned for something similar. Was having an argument with someone about crime against women (I think?) and how there's never been a safer time for women (or the rest of us) in western civilization. I quoted a few sources proving my point and asked if they truly believe that civilization 20, 50, 100, 250, or 500 years ago was safer? 

She replied that my idea and sources were good, but she still *feels* like she isn't as safe as before and that's all that matters. I was banned shortly after. 
This is dumb, but it's not a Men's Rights thing. Men's Rights are not at war with Women's. 
I'm glad this is a safe space for us to share diversity of opinions.

/r/feminism is rendered unsafe by censorship. 

The admins should step in and ban that entire subreddit.
 
(Just kidding, I support their right to their bigotry )

This can be both correct and incorrect entirely depending on context. If you work at a gas station and someone robs you with an unloaded gun you will be safe. You will definitely not feel safe though. If a woman is afraid she will get raped by ever man she meets she probably needs therapy more than anything.
Was banned myself. Go figure. 

As a male, you can participate in only three ways within r/Feminism:

1. You can say nothing. This means you are part of the problem you misogynistic piece of shit. 

2. You can agree that women have legitimate issues and point out how men face the same issues sometimes, and other issues other times. Men face issues? I don't think so, you misogynistic piece of shit. 

3. You can grovel and apologize for your very existence and agree wholeheartedly with every single thing your feminist masters say. Repeat. Repeat. Repeat. You're still a misogynistic piece of shit, but we'll let you stay and carry heavy things for us. 
Their comment didn't deserve to be downvoted by you op. Please don't downvote just because you disagree.
Echo^chamber^^chamber^^^chamber^^^^chamber^^^^^chamber^^^^^^chamber
Isn't it really important for citizens of our nation to feel safe and secure? What am I missing?
[deleted]
[Word cloud out of all the comments.](http://i.imgur.com/Fd5YKcq.png)

I hope you like it
This is my first time posting in this sub but honestly this is pretty stupid. Society actually does make an effort to make people feel safe and it's fine they do. There's a point where it can get in the way of free speech and that I disagree with.
So brave
Oh! 

Can I also be banned from r/Feminism !!!

Please????
You're wrong though. People have a right to feel safe from imminent harm. It's why assault is a separate crime and tort from battery. The limitation is that the apprehension of imminent harm has to be objectively reasonable, so unreasonable feelings of imminent harm aren't protected. We absolutely say that you have a right not to fear imminent harm though, and assault is a pretty ancient cause of action.
Greetings from /all.... Why go to the sub in the first place? Its full of angry trogs. Try /r/aww/ Its a much better way to spend your internets.
If you aren't in on the circle jerk be prepared to be banned
How to look like an asshole, make a post bragging about how you got banned in a feminist sub.

Like honestly, does this make someone go "wow, he showed them! Feminism is evil and this guy has it figured out!"

You would have probably defended the UMN football players.
Lol what? You both are really dumb. Why not have people feel safe through sensible goals and legislation if necessary? This war on feminism has become a pissing contest with both sides yelling at one another too loudly to listen and make progress. Some of y'all are worse than the SJW you bitch about. Extremism is never good. 
Wow. Feminists really piss me off. You make such a solid point that feminists should be like; hey that's a fucking valid idea. We should start focusing on behaviors of others not our own feelings. 

As a women I am well aware that I will not feel safe walking down a dark alley at midnight. I will not feel safe if I am drunk and surrounded by strangers. I will not feel safe if I'm having an anxiety attack. But, as a logical human being I know these are all either situations I put myself in or are psychological in nature and have absolutely nothing to do with the actions of men. 

Now if a man(or woman) came up to me and tried to put their hand down my shirt, I'd be not only afraid but fucking livid. That's an actions that's possible to police and should not be acceptable. It is not the same as a feeling. 
I actually disagree with you a on the feeling of security. Without that feeling of security the social compact of society begins to fray. It also strokes people's flight or fight instincts which depending on the location and surroundings can cause direct bodily harm to others. People being crushed by stampedes of people or riots don't happen if people feel secure in their persons while in public. I would argue that it is next to impossible to pursue happiness effectively without the feeling of security.
They're right, though.
[deleted]
Does the pursuit of happiness ring any bell?  
Constitution maybe?  
And what can't be done if you don't feel safe?  
That's right kids.  
The problem with rad fem is that they perceive threats anywhere and demand action from society, when it's all in their head. It's our responsibility to provide better education and better mental health
You do have the right to feel safe. To feel safe to a reasonable extent is the same as actually being safe and having your rights be upheld. If my rights as a citizen and human being can be disregarded in a court of law, or infringed upon without punishment, it is reasonable for me to feel unsafe. Nobody said anything to conclude that their idea of being safe is unreasonable, you are just assuming that. You could be entirely correct that their idea of safe is unreasonable. But either way, you essentially saying that the general feeling is citizens should be ignored is just a rather childish way of viewing things.
Guys, come one with this shit.  You can legally defend yourself using lethal force because of feelings.  You guys don't have the logical high ground here because the law is not on your side.   I certainly have the right to feel safe, and if you threaten that I have the legal grounds to defend my safety.   And to an extent you have that protected by the 2nd and 4th amendment, castle laws and stand your ground laws.  If i see a person pointing a gun at my head I don't need to wait for anything more than my feelings of potential harm before defending myself.  


I think Mensrights needs a overhaul.  Getting banned by a sub with bad rules should not get you to all, its ignorant.  We have actual issues.  One of the biggest I see coming is only women will get maternity leave.   We know two parent households are better.  yet we actively encourage their destruction and the marginalization of our rights.  

But why care about actual mensright issues when you guys trolled a feminist.    


I was banned years ago for explaining in the most polite way I could that the wage gap is a lifetime earnings gap and how they are not the same.
This is like the most typical attitude ever in the /r/mensrights community. You get stuck on a semantic issue, "win" the discussion and see it as you have won over feminism. It's sad that this small semantic victory is treated like this huge triumph. 

Why is it so important for /r/mensrights to not be about men's rights? 
I do kinda disagree with you(both? Not sure what safe in that context means).  I think you should seek for physically and mentally healthy people in a society. That involves feeling safe from verbal threats, and potentially material damage. Sure you might not be hurt, but even the treath of physical damage, not directly said, but a self thought out consequence of something, can be unhealthy. 

That's not to say the ban was fair, but you very directly said their opinion was wrong, and that does very easily trigger those kinds of people, if that makes sense. A polite, "I disagree", might have been less likely to cause such an reaction. I think a lot of peole, with less mod power, also react badly when you outright state opinion as fact, but can only downvote, outside of banning. Those mods just don't have the objectivity to be a in proper control. (As in, they ban people that may only sound slightly rude, and not really breaking rules.)
Can i agree with both statements? 
Similarly in the US, we do not have the right to BE happy.

We have the right of the PURSUIT of happiness.

To many people confuse the two.  
Yeah, dropping a truth bomb in r/feminism is the fastest way to get the ban hammer.
I got banned by that subreddit for saying "Huffington post is a shit site"
It's ridiculous. 
Death threats are illegal. Our legal system guarantees more than physical safety. 
/r/feminism is an echo chamber for fucking autistic children. Daddy and mommy never told them that their opinions don't really matter, and their safe space bullshit is an excuse to not be an adult and deal with life.
Tell the truth and probably 90% of subreddits will ban you. Simple as that.
I don't understand why moderators ban people when the downvoting is already censoring their opinion. It's nothing but a power trip. 
This was articulated rather well. Good show sir, good show.
Your phrasing could be better, but the point behind it is very good.
I don't know why they couldn't accept that. OP is right. What could governments ever possibly do about controlling people's "feelings"? That's when you start getting into Orwellian shit if you try to control "feelings" and "safety"...
Why did you downvote the person who replied to you? They were adding to the discussion and not spewing some random bs.
You can either be rational or you can be a feminist, but you can't be both
I have no qualms with feminism, but fuck that sub (based on OPs post) and definitely fuck the mod that pulled that shit.  I think this sub is a bit... urgh... at times.  But yeah, **feeling** safe is not a matter of public policy at all.  
Oh my fucking christ.  What an idiotic reply to the OP in that thread screenshot.

"You mean we shouldn't FEEL safe?!"


"Uhh, no you fuckin dipshit, no one can determine your feelings for you.  You gotta fix that shit for yourself ya dumb cunt"

Lols.

Fuckin idiots and their need to ensure everyone else make them feel the feels
Not sure I understand. We **do** strive to make people feel safe in most societies. Can you substantiate your claim?
how to get banned from r/Feminism:

-have a three digit weight that starts with a number less than 2
28,200+ upvotes (at the moment of me writing this comment)? Yeah, the Reddit community has been red pilled.
Society should have a right to feel safe. As long as basic universal rights such as freedom of speech, gender equality, racial equality, LGBT equality, etc are not trampled upon. 
Trying to have a civil discussion? 

#BANNED!

Nice subreddit you got there, r/feminism
I don't know why you downvoted the other person. They were absolutely right.
What does this have to do with Men's Rights?
Society absolutely should strive to make people feel safe.  Although actually being safe is more important. 

Also if someone tries to make you feel unsafe that could qualify as assault which is of course illegal.

If you feel unsafe for foolish reasons then your being a fool.  I think that is probably your point?
Feminism is cancerous anyways 
You shouldn't have gotten banned, but you were definitely wrong. Feeling safe is crucial in today's society. Feeling safe is part of one's health. Without the feeling of security, you can develop paranoia and possibly other worse conditions. 
You do have the right to *feel* safe. If you *feel* your life is threatened, you have the right to defend yourself. Just because something is subjective doesn't mean there is no legal basis for it.
Well, OP, *you sound like a whiney, petulant Redditor* who blames the fact he can’t get laid on “feminism,” *and you made it to the front page.* Congratulations.

*And I'm actually laughing* that you were so proud of yourself in this exchange, that you screen-capped it, *and then re-uploaded it here.* LOL, I mean, *my god,* dude. 



I dunno. A lot of people feel more afraid of terrorism than dying by falling in the bathtub. And that's a way more likely cause of death for Americans than terrorism. But if we worked as hard to prevent terrorism as we work to prevent bathtub falls, there would be a national guardsmen stationed in every bathroom across the county. 

People's feelings of security are relevant to public policy.

See, coming up with a valid counter argument is easy. It's just lazy and disrespectful to ban someone for expressing an opinion that differs from your own. Shitty example of moderation.
so is r/feminism a hate subreddit now? 
As if this subreddit's mods and/or userbase wouldn't downvote or ban someone if they came into here with an 'as-a-matter-of-fact' attitude/manner.


[deleted]
That feel when that guy is 100% correct but feminists are literally too brain damaged to comprehend it 
Feminism has reached post modernism. Men and women are treated equally in the eyes of the law save for child custody laws, where women are preferred over men. The movement has changed into one where not much else can be done so they move onto non issues such as safe spaces.
That subreddit is rife with fake feminists.
Actkshually im a loyer and im here to tell you that you  can legally make anyone feel unsafe as long as you dont hurt them 

some examples 

- you can point a gun at ppl as long as you dont pull the trigger

- you can follow a person throughout there daily life

- you can send ppl fake bombs in packages

- you can get naked in public and chase someone down the street

the reeson u can do this is because Law Book Page 5 says: 

"REALz > FEELZ " 

##**mic drop**
There were two different things brought up here. The first was the right to feel safe and the second was if a society should strive to make people feel safe. I believe we could debate the former but the latter is definitely true. This is all within reasonable limits, obviously. If someone is scared of cars driving safely on the road, then I'm sorry, there's nothing we can do for you. If someone is scared of being raped then that should (and is) reflected in our laws and in our hatred of rapists. 
I was banned for having an open discussion about the difference between gender wage gap and gender earnings gap.
How are you sure you got banned for this comment and not the dozen of other comments you made in /r/Feminism
The ignorance and loathing is real

I was told to quit mansplaining on Friday by one of my department managers. All I did was answer the question at hand.
I've seen women do this more often than men on planes.
"I've never seen a well-mannered man on a plane"... What an exaggeration! And who do you think flies the plane..?

Edit: Because some people do not understand that there is an extreme disparity between the amount of male pilots and female pilots I shall include a [link](http://www.womenofaviationweek.org/five-decades-of-women-pilots-in-the-united-states-how-did-we-do/) to confirm this.
"I've never seen a well-mannered man on a plane" .. there's a solution for that: leave! .. more room for the rest of us sardines in coach.
I have to know how she responded to that comment
This kind of thing always reminds me of Bill Burr's perfect exclamation, "How much do they hate us!"
It's not always about you...
[deleted]
Actually that seems like a good idea. I'm female and I would do this to not flail and take up all the space while I fall asleep on planes. I have RLS. I'mma do this now.
I think it's important not to extrapolate too much from one idiot on the Internet. Ignorance of disability and the odd things which are sometimes necessary is very widespread and cuts across gender and political views. It simply manifests in different ways depending on the person's world view. 
I'd imagine this man is doing this so he can "let go" of his legs without having them touch the person next to him, in order to get some sleep on the plane. 
[deleted]
What makes me mad is when I try to find an exit row seat and there is a 5'6" person (man or woman) sitting there. I'm 6'3" (not even that tall), and I am physically unable to sit with my legs within the boundary of the tray due to lack of space. People with shorter legs truly don't understand how miserable it is to sit somewhere for 4 hours with your knees constantly hitting the back of a chair. 

Edit: After a lot of negative responses I've decided to edit this post. I didn't want to turn this into a tallvshort thing, but that's my fault with using a personal gripe.

What I should've said is that it is lame and annoying how women talk about manspreading, making tall people, where this is their only option in these situations, unjustly self-conscious when they have no other choice.   
Modern day "social justice" feminism is a hate group.
Just a question about manspreading - I'm a guy, and we do it because we have balls between our legs and don't want to compress them, right? I don't feel like my uncompressed balls are a symbol of the patriarchy.
[deleted]
If I'm on a bus or plane, and no one is sitting next to me, I'm going to "manspread" all I fucking want.

If someone needs to sit next to me, I'll make room, no problem.
Not gonna lie, I've thought about doing the belt thing on planes. The person next to me shouldn't lose leg space because I have the thighs of a Greek God, but damn it hurts to hold that position. 
As someone with Tourette's that often takes planes and trains for work I always get weird looks when I strap my left arm to my chest to avoid punching my neighbor, and when my episodes have been bad I will strap my legs. I usually just explain it to them while I do it because I know I look odd. I am a woman though so I guess I don't get scrutinized for manspreading while I do this
It's official this globe is massively inconsiderate and ignorant extremely malnourished and undereducated.  Even cheap laughs are usually from fabricated web posts to conjure opinions that majority differ from immunization and truth. 
..... It's like watching a Roadrunner and Coyote cartoon except Coyote is all these feminists.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5aCgSwmm5Ho
The original joke about manspreading was pretty innocent and funny. It's person 2 and 3 that made too big of a deal about it and had to make it into a social issue.
The repost is real
Why is this on men's rights?
I don't think this is an example of ignorance and loathing, its clearly just a joke about manspreading.
I don't understand some of the downvotes I'm seeing in this thread.  I've never done this but I totally get it.  If I fall asleep in a seated position on a plane, my legs will naturally want to spread unless I actively keep them together.  This would allow me to fully relax AND not impose myself physically on the person next to me.  Why is that unacceptable?

Edit: [Serious] what am I missing 
Yup, the big mens rights issues are dealt in this sub like manspreading. 
0 to fucking 120 dude.
This has got to be some form of sexual harassment and discrimination via internet perpetrated by a mansplainer aimed at a woman for posting a picture. Im sure she has PTSD from being accosted so negatively by another poster, and she should sue for internet rape, because that response was fucking savage.
Shabby repost 
[deleted]
They literally think that men have to keep their legs closed because that is what they were told when they acted like spoiled cunts in their teenage years.
The person responsible for plane seat design should be executed. 

They are literally the worst seats in the known universe. It's like someone explicitly had a contest to design the worst possible seat to attempt to sleep in that could theoretically pass.... and EVERY airline said "yes, that's our seat design" 

Fuck them all. 

Fuck all people even related to the airline industry by up to 4 degrees of separation. 

Only amazon rainforest villagers and current infants get a pass on how fucking bad airline seat design is. 
Let's play the how many times has this been reposted game!
Can someone mansplain to me what manspreading is?  I have manbrain and don't manknow any of these "man"-words.
Oh noes, random guy doesn't know that people with tourettes need those. ~~3RD~~ ~~4TH~~ ~~5TH~~ WAVE FEMINIST! 
First of all what in the fuck is "manspreading" is there now a legitimate concern over men not closing their legs, almost as though there was a pair of nuts hanging there that don't want to be squished? 
Trrrrriiigggeeerrrrrreeeedddddd
Or he does that because it's impossible to sit without your legs flopping out sideways and it's more comfortable if something holds them together when you're trying to sleep.
My last flight there was a drunk guy who kept sprawling on me. I asked him to stop and he said, "you're kinda weird about your space, huh?" I said "no, just dont like fuckers like you falling on top of me or touching my legs after I said stop." Obviously, it was a different situation but God, for drunk passengers I wish these were always on hand.
sounds like more of a lighthearted joke to me! I don't think the OP intended to make fun of a disabled person.
You're picking on a lunatic fringe that is, quite literally, a fringe, and using it to justify a campaign of hatred against women. Think of how many people you encounter, even only in passing, on a daily basis; how many of them are like this? 

Objectively, how many times do you bump into a hateful, extreme feminist on an annual basis? Not "an obvious feminist, who would probably act like this, even though I've never seen it." Someone whose behavior you've experienced, or even been directly informed about.

This specific image has been shared over and over again, by Men's Rights, Trump supporters and others, specifically because of how ludicrous it is. It's always this exact image, because the situation simply isn't at all common. 

There are existing, widespread biases against men in our society which can be confronted in a healthy and positive way, rather than lowering ourselves to the level of the sensationalist, hatemongering feminazi. 
God this has been reposted at least 30 times since I joined reddit, but it still makes me irrationally angry every time. Thanks.
About once a week we're gonna post this picture?
Old repost unoriginal spam
[deleted]
Know who else makes fun of disabled people? The Donald. 
[deleted]
[deleted]
Manspreading? What the fuck next are the snowflake cuntpatrol gonna make up? 
It's clearly a joke.
Pretty sure the actual post was a joke
Looks like a joke to me.
Every time something from this sub hits the front page it's this image 
Jesus they wonnt be happy until all balls are crushed
Feminists/Liberals don't care if they are being ableist, especially if it's a against a white male. Their cognitive dissonance knows no bounds. It's what happens when you never truly grow up to be a capable adult.
This triggered a shitload of fat girls.
So, why is this joke 'anti-men'? 

This guy likely isn't disabled but want to sleep without sprawling across the seats like a pancake. And it looks a little bit funy.
Those actually look quite comfortable.
This whole man spreading thing is bullshit. I'd love for a woman to have a pair of testicles and sit with their legs closed all day.
I NEED to see these psychos response to the red person.
I see this picture every other day 
Narrative narrative narrative narrative 
Do these people really not understand the concept of a ballsack?
Apparently Homelessness is only a Problem if you are a Woman.

It's funny that people are allowed to point out "how awful" this subreddit I'd because of its "bias" and obvious hate for women (/s). 

Try doing that in r/feminism. Seriously, go now and make even a genuine point that disagrees with their ultimate victim status, see what happens.
[deleted]
There's an old MRM joke that goes like this: When astronomers announced the end of the world, the headlines read, "Asteroid to strike the Earth, women and children hardest hit."
As a woman this pisses me off. Just because woman were repressed before doesn't mean that men are any less important. Woman before didn't fight to be better than men they fought to be equal. 
Was homeless twice as a teen; found out *real fuckin' quick* that shelters and aid orgs give preferential admission to women and women with children in tow.  An able-bodied male was just expected to join the fucking Army or something.  So that's what I did :|

Male privilege is having to literally risk your life in Shitfuckistan for some asshole oil baron's profits just to have a chance at getting your life on track and one day going to college and getting a real job.

Tell me again about your oppression.  Literally the entire system is falling over itself to help you.

Homeless person here. I have never seen a homeless woman who was forced to sleep outside. These 'homeless' women all have automobiles or shelters available with room, the homeless men are usually the only ones sleeping rough.
Well, men are disposable to today's society, so of course only women are counted
[deleted]
[deleted]
I would like to know the context this graphic was given in, if it was discussing the homeless problem in the US, if it was discussing the homeless problem among males in the US, or something along those lines. But, I'm just here from the front page, so I probably shouldn't break the circle jerk.

Edit: Thank you for the links! The article does seems rather innocuous; rather than specifically talking about the female homeless population, it talks about their homelessness crisis as a whole. Which is what I figured.
That's weird, I thought it'd be lower that 25%. I see wayyyyyy more homeless men
Just a comment re: the glass bottom. I believe that the rules differ from state to state. Here in Cali, Los Angeles specifically, there is a huge homeless population. A homeless child  (excuse the expression) trumps an adult, always. A woman with a child trumps men. However, there are a cornucopia of shelters in L.A. that co-exist; men's only, women and children only, women no children, etc. There are more men that are homeless. There are more women that remain with their children even after collapsing into homelessness. There are more male veterans, but more women get raped on the street. Some shelters have rules about capacity as mandated by the Fire Marshal, so if the rule is get to intake by 8:00 A.M., it's a hard number, not a suggestion. And lastly, in terms of getting help, there are programs for people of all kinds that assist individuals and families getting back on their feet. It generally would provide vouchers for immediate housing, but even if that runs out, a Case Manager or Social Worker can help get SSI, SSDI, GR, job training, clothes and medication with absolutely no discrimination. Homelessness is a huge problem for human beings, so one quarter of beds going to women is not inappropriate, to me.
Source: Me. Social Worker in L.A. and, the Department of Housing and Urban Development (H.U.D.). They do a homeless census every year in L.A. and provide funds that are allocated by need.The department is likely to be eviscerated by the Trump administration.
It's a picture of an out of context statistic clearly cropping out the information in the rest of the article. There are lots of situations where it is appropriate, relevant, even necessary to display the information in this way - most of which aren't sexist at all. What if the article is about women in population demographics as a whole? What if it's about minority groups in homelessness? What if it's about little known facts of homelessness? I don't see why anybody would freak out over statement of a fact without any knowledge of the reason the fact is being stated.
If women only make 77% of what men do in America, then why are men 3x as likely to be homeless 
Well, what was the article about in the first place? I'd like to know more. 
This looks like the article:

"http://www.metronews.ca/news/vancouver/2016/05/31/vancouver-homelessness-at-record-levels-2016-count.html"

It mentions it, but I don't think it's fair to say their is saying homelessness is only a problem if you're a women.
How about y'all read the article before you explain how unfair and biased it is?: http://www.metronews.ca/news/vancouver/2016/05/31/vancouver-homelessness-at-record-levels-2016-count.html
Fucking useless picture without context.
Well I wouldn't have guessed it was this many before I saw that. I think most people know there are a lot of homeless men, but don't know much about homeless women. 
Clearly men are better at being homeless. 
I wonder how many forums you automatically get banned from for posting that you agree with this post. Did the admins ever crack down on that? 

Does it not matter what the article is about here? What is the context? If it is about say...pregnancy prevention, feminine products, or female sexual assault as relating to the homeless then the 75% that are male have no place in the discussion. 

So, if I say 1/10 homeless people are gay is that heterophobic?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Homeless women I've talked to, said they are constantly worried about getting raped. 

Like males, many have drug or alcohol problems.

One advantage homeless women have, is they can offer sex/companionship to get off the streets.  
It's weird to me how certain niche subreddits absolutely love taking shit out of context and getting furious about it.

I searched for the words in the article, which returned with [this](http://www.metronews.ca/news/vancouver/2016/05/31/vancouver-homelessness-at-record-levels-2016-count.html).

I assume the infographic is referring to this quote:
> Aboriginals (38 per cent), people who identify as LGBTQ2+ (13 per cent) and veterans (11 per cent) are over-represented in the homeless population.
Women make up 23 per cent of the homeless population.

Has no slant suggesting that women are *more* in need and I suspect there were a few more infographics in the print article that OP is leaving out to push a narrative.
Homelessness is a problem. 
Any real feminist should be just as pissed off about this as you guys.
Love that comment.
3 in four people are homeless men. 

Thank you Jerry now on to the weather. 
Is the article about closing the homeless gap?
Woah-man
Just because it made this statment doesn't mean that the intent of the article is to somehow posit that homeless men don't have it bad too. Homelessness is a problem for everyone, attacking this image as "feminism" doesn't address homelessness, it divides you into the arbitrary groups of "men" vs "women" while simultaneously not addressing homelessness. In other words, this is a stupid distraction from the real problem.
They assumed there are only 2 genders. Dangerous assumption. 
Did you know that 4 in 4 homeless people are homeless?
Double standards.
Women complain about a glass ceiling, and they forget that there is a glass floor as well that keeps them from extreme poverty.

Just looking at this and additional stats/facts in the comments pretty clearly shows this.
There was a Alicia keys ageist hiv commercial a few years ago, I forget the actual statistic but it was something like 1 in 5 new hiv carrier is a woman. 
What if this was an article about women?
Well there are like 74 other genders.../s
This sub is so pathetic and I'm a dude. Some people want to be oppressed so bad...
bout fucking time i found a sub stepping up for men, too much pussy priction going on these days. prey donald will step up more on mens rights.
This whole subreddit is a train wreck. 
Why are you getting angry about this completely out of context information? Do you know what the article is about? 

If there are active mods on this sub they should be removing this kind of material. It says nothing, it provides no new information or ideas. It is just a fuzzy photograph of an infographic plastered a tweet from some guy with a ridiculous name. "Hey, it's me, Atheist Norse God of Death". It's only purpose fuel for ignorant anger. 

If you respect the principles that the "Men's Rights" social movement represents you need to prevent this kind of misdirected regressive nonsense from contributing to the image of this organization.
It's fucking disgusting, is what it is.  Look, if you've ever worked with homeless populations, you'd realize that women have it made in a relative sense.  They have better and more shelters than men do.  I'll tell you what, a lot more of the chronic or permanent homeless are men.  Women are a far more transient population.

Basically, like in most things, women are pampered and provided better outcomes
You guys are a fucking joke.
Gynocentrism if ever I saw it. 
This grinds my gears! Why are men's lives not worth as much as a women's life?? Why in every emergency situation we are left to die while "women and children" get spared 
Fuck feminist whales
That's not even accurate, it's more likely to be around 10-12%
To all the people who are saying that we are taking this info graphic way out of context, we are simply using it as a way to talk about men's rights. I understand that the article isn't necessary talking about how women are in a worse situation than men are, we are just tryna get a convo started, think of it as like a necessary evil sorta thing
For those who dismiss out of hand the message that this image is trying to convey, I would strongly urge you to put aside your bias for a moment. Yes, I agree that we don't know the context of the article. 


But what some men and women are trying to say, and whose voices are being shouted down, is not that men's problems are worse than women's problems. What we are trying to say is that men have issues too. Men's Rights Activists can't even speak about their issues without being called racists, misogynists, pathetic, privileged, cry babies, and women haters. Men have some very serious issues facing them today and no one wants to hear it. 


I would encourage everyone to take a long hard look at your immediate response to be dismissive when presented men's issues and I challenge you to watch ["The Red Pill" movie](http://theredpillmovie.com/) with and open mind and an open heart.
Jesus, what kind of women hurt you people. How can you be triggered by just this? 
Perfect example of the latent sexism inherent to Feminism and feminist thought. 
You're overreacting.  You haven't even seen the male pictogram.  Just the neutral and female ones.
When people think of the "homeless" they picture a 60 year old vietnam vet with a disheveled beard or a wrinkled black guy squatting in the corner with the shakes.

I don't have a problem with this statistic, it counters misconceptions about the homeless and hopefully makes people a bit more empathetic to them. 
Being a woman alone on the street is exponentially more terrifying
looooooooool
Not being poor is part of manning up /s (if needed)
for a moment i thought it said 1 in 4 homeless are people
You can't even see the point the article are trying to make, they're just quoting the statistic. Does anyone know what this article is even trying to say? Or do we just assume everything is feminist propaganda.
Judge Judy Gets It

She's advocated for father's rights before too and has said that the family courts are unfairly biased against fathers.
[deleted]
The idea of having a child with a women, and then having that child taken away terrifies me. 
The crusade against men need to end - and not with a crusade against women. It just needs to end, this idiotic war between the sexes. 
If only all judges thought the way Judge Judy does...
TIL that if I'm ever about to be in a custody battle, judge Judy is the place to go.
Hello everyone. I'm a single dad. I feel like my son is many times more safe with me than with his mom. Before I got my son, my ex had lots of boyfriends, and the last one she was with was an ex-con who was in and out of jail a lot. 

I've come to realize a couple things. One, it is easier for a woman to find a man in the dating world than the other way around. Everyone knows this but few admit it for whatever reason. So the probability of a woman having multiple men in their lives is higher than most men having multiple women. Multiple people coming in a child's home probably increases the odds of something bad happening to the child, but I don't have the data, except from my own experience with my ex. I would think it would create a less stable environment. I have had my child for three years now, and in that span of time I only had one relationship with a woman and it only lasted a month. That was it. I don't really see myself meeting anyone new any time soon either. The dating scene is very bad for men these days if you ask me. I've also learned recently that women without kids don't want to date men with children. The reverse is not as true I don't think. Personally, I would not want to date a woman with more than two kids (but I might make an exception depending on the circumstances), mostly because that is a lot of responsibility, but one or two kids, I'm ok with that as long as the mother is a responsible person, and I was even this way before I had my son. However, I have seen lots of online dating profiles where women don't want guys with kids and I also had a lady turn me down recently because I had a kid. 

So for the past three years, it has mostly just been me and my son. He has had his own room (for the first time in his life) and a safe environment in which to grow. I'm also college educated and work in computers. We have a total of four computers in our apartment and his computer skills have increased a great deal because of this. He sometimes surprises me and learns things I never even knew about. He actually installed hardware like the Steam Link himself and configured a programmable keypad on his $45 gaming mouse all by himself. He never really had these opportunities before. 

The point is that society needs to stop assuming that the mother is always the better choice. I can't stress enough how much this needs to change. I wanted to tell my own story because I know there are dads out there still struggling, still being stereotyped by society, and still not seeing justice. Some guys out there might disagree with my story, and to this I would say I am speaking from my own experience in life. My experience may not be typical, but it is true to my own existence. 

My father got the latter. His ex-wife was caught lying in court, and most of all the stuff about abuse she had done was later proven true. And guess who got most of the custody anyways? Not my father, I can assure you of that. 

I Probably won't get married because of this. 
Dude I just got a who new level of respect for her
Well, she has my support for Supreme Court Justice.
As someone who grew up with only a father in their life, this is a beautiful thing to see.
What a cunt that young mother is though:
JJ - "...and he has as much right to take that child as you..."

Mother - "That's not what I've been told".

Even if the system is telling her she has more rights to her child (and that's fucked up enough), what sort of horrible, utterly selfish person does it take to actually act upon that and try to deprive her own child of it's father? 

Plus the pain and fear she must feel if ever she imagines life without her daughter - with someone having legally taken her child away from her and prevent her from seeing it, regardless of how wrong it feels, or how much distress it causes and then to deliberately inflict that on someone else, and to even go as far and going to court to try and do so....

Some people are so disgustingly self centred and selfish.
The double think is real though:

"Women can do more than raise kids, why don't men be stay at home dads?!"

"Men can't get custody of the kids, they don't have the nurturing mother's instinct! It's cruel to deprive a mother from her kids, men probably don't REALLY care anyway!"
"That's not what I was told"

Fuck. You. 

On so many levels. What a complete fool. 
So the quotes on the facebook pages are real! Great stuff. I like this woman a lot more now. She's awesome. This GIF loops quite well as an infinite rant. :P
Family court, at least in San Jose CA, has either never been educated about personality disorders,  parental alienation, and hostile aggressive parenting.....or they have and that is not important to them and bias trumps it all. 
We had clear evidence presented to the court of my husbands ex emotionally/psychologically abusing their daughter, and it is very obvious severe alienation with each court hearing. What do they do? Change split custody- AND GIVE THE ABUSING MOTHER FULL CUSTODY!!! 
This is what happened. I never in a million years would have thought this was the reality of it. 
My husbands ex is the Golden Uterus Syndrome mother word per word, all of it exactly. 
Alot of children would be saved from abuse if judges, lawyers, and therapists had the heart and intellect that Judge Judy has. 
I would like to shake Judge Judy's hand.
Judge Judy, you're goddamn right.
The happiness in his eyes when she says he has a right to his child is beautiful. I could imagine my little boy being taken away. 
Custody should never be granted to a jobless parent if the other parent works to support the child.
> *thats not what I've been told.*

Jeez
/r/perfectloops
I can't really handle her show. To much yelling. I love what see of her in the clips like this tho. She seems interesting in interviews too.
If only, Judy, if only...
Judge Judy for SCOTUS!?
Too bad more people didn't see this episode. I think she is a real twat but this is something she does that is positive and I haven't ever really go off message on it. She thinks men have as much a right to parenthood as women do and is vocal about it when she sees it not happening. 
Judge Judy is a based bitch and I love her for it. Seriously intelligent woman. I've seen her in a couple of television interviews that she's done outside of the show, funny thing is, she's actually fairly quiet when she's not on the stand, but you can tell that she's incredibly sharp.
>In this country fathers are not 2nd class citizens.

Unless you live in California
Got custody of my little girl when she was three, I was 23. She'll be 18 this winter. Thanks for helping me grow up sis :'/
My children were moved against my will 4000 miles away yesterday. I tried to fight, but to no avail. This hits hard. 
What a progressive stance. Surprised to see this on r/all, but it's nice to see that the court bias is being brought into people's minds.
That almost made me cry.
Not a lot of women think fathers have rights to the children and thats so wrong. 
I totally feel for this guy. She pretty cute I would even say a step above him. I can envision the night where he made his decision while that tight body, cute face but crazy antics and shitty attitude gave him a chance. That was the day he made the mistake and stuck his dick in crazy.  Proud of him for fighting for his child.
Hey look at that, it's feminism!  Treating men and women equally!
"that's not what i've been told" 

i'm sure you've also not been told that you can get pregnant if you have sex....
Judge Judy is the bomb. Not sure how legit she is as a judge now but her time in the real court system was baller.
that is a really well done loop
It really is that simple. Judy completely distilled the truth
As a dad going to court a week from today for my custody hearing, this is music to my ears!
I just watched the red pill and one of the biggest subjects is custody rights for father so it was really good to see this
Women want equal rights until it doesn't benefit them.
>In this country fathers are not second class citizens.

[If only that was the case.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PBcvQG_X4h4)
I just fell in love with that old woman
This makes me respect her a lot more. 

I thought she was just a fake tv judge, glad to see otherwise
I'm overly amused that the title here is "Judge Judy gets it" while the title on another submission of the same gif is "Judge Judy not having it."
This hits hard for me. I'm currently towards the end stages of going through this myself. Court for permanent orders is only a few months away and I hope the judge has the same attitude.
Have met her and had a brief chat. She actually IS ***that*** smart and sensible.

And she takes NO shit from anyone. She's not a bitch, she just doesn't suffer fools or the willfully stupid.
I like how the gif is looped to appear like she keeps going on the topic.
r/Judge_Judy_for_SCOTUS
If I were that father is ask if I could hug her
Weird how the dialogue kinda loops.  I really appreciate the sentiment also. I have seen other quotes from Judge Judy that indicate that she is standing up for men as equal partners in parenting. I understand that social tradition sees the woman as the caregiver, but we should not support that as a legal construct when it comes to a parent's rights.
look at the look on her face . i bet she was counting on that child support money so she could get her nails done or some shit 
Judge Judy really is a national treasure.
Only Judge Judy can judge me <3

This is great, my respect Judge Judy just raised
"thats not what ive been told" wew lads
The look on the guy's face is the best part. He probably just got a huge boost of confidence from that. I imagine the court system has been pretty brutal to him so far when it comes to custody of his child. Seeing Judge Judy lay down the law like that must have been great.

Seriously though, there are a lot of bad fathers and a lot of bad mothers, but there are a lot kids living with bad single mothers who have used the court system and their gender to rob men of their children. This rarely helps anyone aside from the mother herself. The father and the child both suffer from that situation. A child who doesn't have a relationship with his/her father almost always has serious issues growing up that persist through adulthood. 

If I look back on all the people I've met throughout my life, kids I met in school, people I've worked with etc... almost every person who had serious issues was raised by a single mother. This doesn't necessarily mean the mothers were bad, that's not what I'm saying. But it does show, to me at least, that it's very important to have a stable home for raising children, or at least let a child have their father as a role model and active participant in their life. Shutting out the dad when he did nothing wrong usually destroys two lives while only making one life, that of the mother, marginally more pleasant. The fact that everyone in our media and education system keep selling us a vision of society that undermines the importance of men as fathers seems like we're being set up for a social disaster. The destruction of the family unit will result in the destruction of our society. 
This isn't the only case where Judge Judy has said this type of thing. I really wish she would run for president. It's getting harder and harder to find people with a spine these days.
This is feminism at its finest. Go Judy.
A victory for us!!!
love this
Takes two to tango
Fuck yeah! It's sad we gotta go on a TV show to get fair treatment in court, but hey, it's something!
I really want to shake Judge Judy's hand now.
OHHHHH VINDICATION. /s
Great message and even better loop :)
Nicely edited. It loops right back into itself. 
/r/perfectloops
Video pls
I'm stopping in from r/all and I noticed that it loops perfectly.
On mobile, I could only see the second line of each subtitle  and that made this extremely confusing/funny to see.
Refreshing to see this. Here's to hoping the judge at my hearing today agrees!
You tell her, Judge! 
For more common sense I suggest checking out (Judge) Judy Sheindlin's book - [Don't Pee on My Leg and Tell Me It's Raining: America's Toughest Family Court Judge Speaks Out.](https://www.amazon.com/Dont-Pee-Leg-Tell-Raining/dp/0060927941)
This is very hopeful.
i like how this gif kind of has no end. The end of the argument perfectly leads back into the beginning and it seems like a never ending rant. 
I'm a kidnapper. I have as much right to take that kid as either of them. 
all the yes
Her speech gets you a little in the feels. I don't have kids myself (thank god) but I've seen some really good dads have their hearts broken by the legal system.
I always find myself respecting this woman more and more as life goes by.
Judge Judy 2020
Only on judge judy. Not even close in real life.
UGHHHHH HER SMUG FACE 😡😡

Man I am so triggered. No remorse and shame. No fucks given.
From the thumbnail, that girl looks like a doll. She looks like a Snapchat filter.
"That's not what I was told" O_o
If I was the father I woulda probably broke down crying knowing the mother doesn't get any sort of advantage off the bat and I have a chance to have custody. 
That girl seems like such a bitch, slut face and all. 
For once, I didn't want to run up and shake judge Judy out of anger and frustration.
Sadly most women want custody only so that they can ask money.

Imho if a woman wants custody as well as the dad and she is the one awarded custody, then she must be able to support herself n the kid without any cash help from papa.

I think tben we would suddenly see a lot of woman not wanting custody.
Rights go hand in hand with responsibility. If you fail to uphold the responsibilities, you forfeit the rights. Both genders.
Not a real judge.  You can tell because she advocates for father's rights.
not to advocate violence against women or something but does that woman have the most punchable face ever or what
Judge Judy has always been based as fuck.
Based Judy 
*Arbitrator Judy Gets it
Does anyone has the link to the video? 
Judge Judy for Supreme Court!
Never really cared for her but Judy seems to be on my cool radar now 
Now *this* is a woman I'd vote for!
[deleted]
She made my day
That Judge Judy sounds like Martin Luther King and Cicero combined, making profound declarations of equality like that...
Fuck yeah.
This needs lots and lots of applause 👏 👏 👏
Whether you like her abrasive nature or not, she is one hell of a judge. She knows the laws and is unbiased. 
The way she says Ok makes me wanna scream
this.
Good info, thanks
Girls face looks like she has a permanent snap chat filter. 
The first part of what she says actually follows very smoothly from the last thing she says. It's a perfect loop. 
Dead right. I know this is a risky point to make but you know that whole 50/50 being treated equally thing? That's exactly what feminism is about. The social, political and economical equality of the sexes. 
Only Judy can judge me
I don't care how many people dislike her, she took the time to bake my coworkers frickin cookies AND decorated them after we helped her with her phone. 
I don't think Judge Judy is real.
Bitch is just jacked up because she could smell that sweet pay check rolling in while she sucked me off and left the kid locked in the other room. 
The thing that we need to reinforce is that the courts should be doing what is best for *the children*, not either parent. 
This /r/getsbettereveryloop

Just like an argument with a meathead
She should run for President. She would be awesome.
Incredible how common sense is praised nowadays.
She was a family court judge.  She should know. 
Love when she gets shut down after she says "That's not what I've been told"

unfortunately in many other areas, that probably wouldn't have happened...
Psh, as a girl - fuck that girl. That's a shitty way to treat the father to your daughter.
Damn that guy swung out of his league.
Hits home, damn, Judge Judy clip is fucking me up. That is crazy.
Judge Judy... respect lady! I'm a big fan of your hair style you da best Judgette ever!!!
Judge Judy for supreme court justice
I just kept watching, over and over and over again.
Coming here from r/all ... the fact her argument in gif form can loop indefinitely is extremely satisfying!

"You're the mother. He's the father. [. . .] It's not 'yours'. It's both of yours. You made her, together. [starts over] You're the mother. He's the father." Rinse and repeat.
Congrats for reaching r/all/top/ (of the day, top 50) with your post!
&nbsp;

*****

*^I ^am ^a ^bot, ^probably ^quite ^annoying, ^I ^mean ^no ^harm ^though*

*^Message ^me ^to ^add ^your ^account ^or ^subreddit ^to ^my ^blacklist*
BASED JUDY
Damn straight!
Petition to have Amber Heard removed as the L'Oreal Spokesperson

[removed]
Signed! She gets away with her part? Johnny gets canceled and she goes to do her makeup commercial, such BS. Gladly signed.
Amber Turd
[deleted]
The L'Oreal cosmetics company tweeted a few months ago when Heard was named their spokesperson:

> "Hollywood actress @AmberHeard highlights that a woman's inner beauty is what we should value the most. ‘I would love to see women be able to be powerful, smart, opinioned, and taken seriously, even if they are beautiful. Even more, I would love to see women held to different standards, other than the superficial ones we are held to," the caption reads underneath Heard's post.

Their fight against "superficial standards" manifests as saying "attractive women should be taken seriously", while the company completely ignores women who aren't conventionally attractive.

They're literally fighting for wealthy, white models to have their opinions taken more seriously.  This is their hill to die on.

I wouldn't hold of much hope that they give a rats ass about her being a bed shitting abuser.
I've read that if you message the brand that you won't be buying from them because of their spokesperson/ambassador than they do take action faster.
We've had a lot of boycotting done in my country so learned it here.
“L’Oreal - We support abusers.”
I dunno.... They, L'Oreal, could totally take advantage of this. Launch a line of makeup for abused women. 

And before you downvote me to oblivion, know this: L'Oreal should have removed her as a spokesperson when her litigation with Depp went public. They failed then. 

Amber Heard has cashed in on her looks. Despite her outward appearance, she's a hideous creature. And I've signed both petitions.
There's also one to remove her from Aquaman 2, and have JD reinstated in Fantastic Beasts
You could get 2 billion signatures and it still wouldn't happen.
We women need to be better. I've seen so many of my friends treat their boyfriends like trash. It's no wonder men's mental health stats are alarmingly bad recently.
I've signed this. As a woman, I find this hypocrisy and double standard absolutely disgusting.
Signed. Booting Depp off Fantastic Beasts was a real shitty move. Your turn Amber...
Might I suggest the newly formed subreddit r/FuckAmberTurd
As much as I agree with you I don’t think petitions work.
Am woman but where do I fucking sign? Double standards. Demand equal rights!!
Just signed the petition. Usually not the kind of guy who registers for something but this is way to important. I have never experienced any abuse (thank god) but nonetheless this is something which cannot be accepted. How many tolerance shall be tolerated when it comes to crimes and problems like these? Absolutely none.
isnt l'oreal owned by nestle?
The degenerate feminists defend her
Petitions are a bit crap. You want to make a stand? 
Bombard the CEO of L'Oreal with snailmail and nominate him/her for Piece of Shit awards. Take to Twitter and call him/her out. Smear the culture of abuse-acceptance to the person who is complicit: the CEO.
I saw her trial and holy shit her personality. It irritates me so much the way she speaks and moves. I've never been more pissed off at a random person in my life
Petitions don't do shit sadly. Or maybe luckily.
L'Oreal, parce-que je le chie bien
Fuck the petition, quit buying g their brands and they'll dump her quick as fuck.
God why change.org
I'm confused why is this in MensRights, I do agree.. she's a scumbag.

But I think you guys forget that he isnt a saint either, he literally said he wanted to kill her, burn her and fuck her corpse. So that isnt very "mens rights"
Fvck feminist
Maybe Amber Heard can find a nice job working for Procter and Gamble.
I've tried signing 3 times and it just refreshes
Hate to be a Debby downer but petitions dont do jack shit
What Amber Heard has done is absolutely disgusting. The woman behind the MeToo movement has cut ties with her. A lot of women, especially those who have been abused, are disgusted with her for weaponizing MeToo. I can't speak for all women, but I've noticed a pattern among the responses in women regarding this; the general consensus is that Amber Heard is an abuser and Depp is the victim of a narcissist.
Why not just boycott their products they will soon get the messege.
What for she do, bring dogs into Australia?
Signed!
Fuck Amber Turd

All my homies hate Amber Turd
Ooh I'll have to click.

edit: grammar
I’m surprised she’s still involved in anything after the shit she pulled.
Let our voices be Heard (sorry not sorry)!
Squirrels found their nut
Petition to remove L'Oreal, period.

Part owned by Nestlé is what they are.
She is horrible 🤮
I'm not signing! She might he-bitch man-slap me.
shit in the bed then blame the dog
Fuck ill post it... i couldn't care if i got banned
Dotty must have been mid-20s.
 Why would they remove her? She cuts off fingers and they encourage cutting off forskins for creams.
Can someone explain to me how Johnny Depp lost that case with all these evidence please !!!!
As a feminist, FUCK amber heard.
I'll sign to get this slag bag out of here
[removed]
As a feminist and as a woman I support this. Signed.
Thinking of boycotting the Fantastic Beasts movies now. :(
They had an Arab women who called servants slaves and was against laws to protect them. 

LOreal is hell stupid and they don’t care
Where do I sign
I'm OOTL here. Can someone fill me in? What's going on?
I stop buying their make up because of her
Isn’t Change.org aUS based **for profit** company? And isnt L’Oreal a French company? 
Just saying
Signed! She needs to be punished. She doesn't deserve to represent any brand.
Nice. It’s over 500,000 now!!
They locked the voting on this post because it got so many upvotes
Doubt it,the feminists will probably brand her as a survivor of domestic abuse and a role model for "speaking out"
Why the hell was this removed?
I'm a girl but cool beans
r/boycottamberheard
https://www.change.org/p/dc-entertainment-remove-amber-heard-from-aquaman-2 
Join r/OpAmber for justice for Johnny
Guys, here some legal arguments and facts to why Depp's case was so badly handled.

https://youtu.be/9DMldzbJW6k

Also, share it so people know at least part of the legal stuff that went wrong.
We at 74K yessss
I think it's better if everyone here who signed to comment on their instagram page daily about boycotting their product due to Amber Heard. More people need to know about it. Especially the other celebrities who are ambassador of L'Oreal as well.
I don’t think her or Johnny should be punished for their personal behavior. 
The complexities in a relationship are just that, very complex.
What people need to be aware if is that 90% of domestic violence is initiated by the woman.
There are very few actual victims of domestic violence. More like volunteers.
Any man who has been convicted of DV and has done little more than defend himself will know what I’m talking about. 
But any man who has been in a fiery passionate relationship will also know there are also enjoyable aspects that come with the violence such as plentiful and great sex.
I hate her so much I'd ram my penis hard into her.
You guys are a bunch of angry pussies and I hate your subreddit, but I will sign this for sure.
We will forgive her if she shows us her butthole
Damn are we like feminists now? I don’t give a damn what happens to amber. I’m more pissed that depp lost his role
This is the most important cause rn?
Is this sub satire??
'Male privilege is...'

Hello and welcome to /r/MensRights. If you are not a subscriber, please take a moment to understand what you are seeing.

This subreddit is about [the issues faced by men in our society](https://www.reddit.com/r/MensRights/wiki/framework).

We welcome healthy debate and you won't be banned merely for disagreement. It is common here to reject feminist ideology, but that doesn't mean we hate women or oppose equal rights. Rather, we seek to expand those equal rights to include men.

[These are some of the best discussions we've had](http://www.reddit.com/r/MensRights/wiki/discussion). There is also [a documentary made by a feminist who investigated our movement](http://theredpillmovie.com/). If you want to know more about the issues we are concerned with, try these books: [The War Against Boys by Christina Hoff Sommers](https://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2000/05/the-war-against-boys/304659/) or [The Myth of Male Power by Warren Farrell](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Myth_of_Male_Power).

Thank you for being open minded.

Then she should strike a blow against male privilege, say, *"To hell with it! I'm going to wear the same dress twice!"* ...and count the fucks not given.
It's a double-edged sword, because men have so few fashion options in the first place that they can wear without being shamed as looking lack either a "fag" or a "douche"
Wearing a new dress shows your privilege and wealth/status. This isn't something men are looking for in women. Men really don't care about this. This is purely competition between women.
[deleted]
Only women care about things like this...toxic feminity? 
Male privilege is getting to have your gender 'norms' defined by the other gender.

Female privilege is being able to define, dictate what a 'real man' is and rejecting and shaming anyone who doesn't measure up to your arbitrary standards.
A guy can't wear a cute dress two days in a row either.
My wife has a handful of pricier favorite dresses that she wears often. She likes how cute they make her feel, I like how cute she looks in them, she gets regular compliments on them from her friends, has never been confronted or shamed for wearing something she's already worn before.....but then again, she's not a moron, so I guess that biases her against conventional attitudes towards fashion like this post.
She could be naked at events, for all we care.
It is definitely not men that are saying not to wear same dress .May be it's not even girls . It is strategic  move by dress companies to make you believe that you should not wear the $$$ costly dress twice . They make a huge profit out of shame that they have created and you fell for it . So don't blame it on men.
Start wearing whatever you want honey. no one cares
I wish my problems were that simple.
Women can't wear the same dress twice? God almighty, what a struggle. Truly a first-world problem if I ever saw one.
Wear what you want. It's 2017. There are no rules, everything's made up and the points don't matter.
She's making it sound like we tell women what to wear. She has only herself and the criticisms of other women to blame. 
I volunteer her for a week's trip to Mogadishu to re-think her oppression 
Isn't it usually women who judge other women based on their clothing choice???
Male privilege is being blamed for something women do to each other. 
deleted  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.5206  [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/99559)
Actually, male privilege is having to be willing to die for your country under threat of imprisonment. Plus, who ever said women can't wear the same cute dress twice?
I promise you that fashion companies and magazines are loving this retarded wave of man-hate lately. Insecure women come up with insane ideas about what makes men such evil beings, meanwhile companies make money on people buying/clicking poorly written articles, buying yet more "cute shoes" to go with that new dress because "I literally have nothing to wear this Saturday." All the while, the attention isn't on the companies and advertising that makes women feel bad about themselves, or the movies that tell young girls that their lives are boring if there isn't a love triangle/drama/a major dilemma in their lives. It's certainly not a systematic reinforcement of internalized insecurities at all.

Nope, it's just men's fault for being a lot more comfortable with who they are and not giving two fucks if they're wearing the same socks as yesterday or whether there's a mustard stain on their tie.

There's a reason women get 3 huge floors of clothes and accessories to choose from and men get the poorly lit shelf at the back.
I'm pretty sure there are some douches who do chastise both women and other men if they don't dress up to their standards. regardless of the gender of said douche, their words should be dissmissed.
During the week I wear jeans/shorts and usually a t-shirt. I own two pair of khakis and about 4 button ups for special occasions. I also own one suit. My wife has about 20 dresses, hundreds of pants and shorts and somewhere about 40 pairs of shoes. I keep ALL my clothes in the coat closet and she utilizes our entire walk in. 
Wow what a life. In the middle East women are getting stoned for practically anything and in Africa people are getting spawn killed by nature itself but this princess chooses to focus her energy on her cute dress oppression.
So basically male privilege is "not having to deal with other women"
I straight up envy girls cause they can wear all kinds of shit in the summer
Lol this is only #famouspeopleproblems. There is no normal social group or workplace that would ever notice this.
Glad my fiance is not an idiot. We went to two weddings and she wore the same dress she wore to a previous wedding. She was happy to have gotten more use out of it.
I don't see why you had to add ' straight'. The vast majority of gay men don't care about women's clothes either.
Female previledge is getting to wear whatever color you want at black tie events while your man gets shamed for wearing anything other than a black tuxedo.
That's not make privelage, that's females tearing each other down.  
This is a privilege I never asked for, and never cared about. You want to wear the same dress twice? Go for it, IDGAF.
imagine being so bourgeois that you think having to wear a different $300 dress makes you oppressed 
So she's blaming men for her own insecurity?
We also don't give a shit about your makeup. I think we would actually prefer if you didn't wear it.
...furthermore, if the dress is cute, we *WANT* to see it worn again. My SO could wear the same three dresses I like on constant rotation.
women shaming other women is mens fault. its basically heads they win tails we lose. anything and everything you point out is an example of the patriarchy.
 Women keep each other down, especially when it comes to beauty. Nothing pisses off a women more than seeing a perceived lesser woman succeeding.
That feeling when you went to high school with the girl that tweeted this... she really does say some stupid shit like this all the time. 
I don't understand this. If a girl wears a dress I think looks good, I would ENCOURAGE her to wear it again. I want to see more of it!

The thing about wearing dresses twice I think is some arbitration that is just assumed by people, and so they follow it.
Oh the irony. Everyone knows women dress for each other. We don't really care that much what you ladies wear, you do it to each other.
Drives me crazy that my fiance feels the need to buy a new dress for every event. Apparently you can't wear the same dress twice or something. I don't think any guy ever notices if a girl wears the same thing twice, ever.
Exactly this, they do it to themselves and blame us for the injustice. 
What man would notice that you wore the same dress twice?
Seriously though.  The fact that you can wear a dress only once is a privilege.  How do they not see this?
You have the right and therefore the privilege to wear a dress more than once so no excuses for your own desire to feel socioconformativly attractive.
She mistook the female privilege to harp about men and to judge others by their attire.
This is my new favorite subReddit.
really? then why do women keep dresses? they should just throw them out. maybe it's cuz they do re-wear dresses. 
Well, yes, I have to wear the same outfit multiple times. It's not like there's a lot of menswear in the first place. Navy or Charcoal? Two or three piece? The designs on the cufflinks and tie are really the only places we can go wild.
Bu but it’s the patriarchy that makes her do it!
If that's the worst of her problems then she is just a privileged person. I can barely find matching socks 
I wouldn't even notice most of the time. Some observant people might but as long as you look decent and don't stink people shouldn't and mostly don't care.
Muh Opreshion!
I always hear shit like this. The things women feel oppressed by are typically things other women oppress each other and it's things guys never even notice! I don't get it. 
It is true though women dress to impress and compete against other women.  Men liking what they wear is secondary. 
I buy off the rack at goodwill.
Who the fuck cares? 
Wear the same shit everyday. No one is stoping you honey. Or maybe sweetheart, whichever pisses you off more. 
deleted  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.1368  [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/91492)
most negative comments towards women for doing anything come from other women. Men don't sit around talking about women's negative traits, and most of the time we do its honestly personality. maybe we make a remark about how a girl who used to be hot got fat, but women will ake that same snide remark to every other woman and do it constantly. I've seen this happening, some of my good friends were a bunch of girls all living together. Whenever one was out of the room they would all gang up on her. And when drunk they were constantly making passive aggressive comments about how unattractive, fat, etc the other ones were. Blew my mind.
Lol, so now we're going to blame everyday first world problems on privilege? Jesus, there's actual problems in the world and this girl is upset about dresses. 
This is because women are looking for excuses to shit on each other while men are looking for excuses to accept women.
Men would be happy if a woman was comfortable in what she wore, regardless, since that is what men want for themselves too.   It is women who have the double standard about dress, not men.
I guess I missed the memo about the imprisonment and corporal punishment one could face for wearing the same outfit twice.
The irony is that no men I know will notice/care what women wear. They can wear jeans and a shirt and it’ll be the same as a $3000, 1-party outfit.  
  
And yet we cop the blame for reckless spending and what many women likely call the right to choose...  
She forgot about the privilege of getting drafted and dying in a foreign country
Posts like this make wonder if women invented the patriarchy...long ago so they don't have to make all the hard decisions and go to war, and in modern times so they have something to blame and get all the power back (still without going to war).
This is why Trump won
Im pretty sure its females that are the ones creating the standards here.  I have never heard a guy say "damn she wore that last party", while my wife and her friends spend TONS of time judging other females based on clothes or other fashion shit.
Who the fuck cares? 
Pretty sure the original tweet is a joke
I thought it was pretty common knowledge that if a woman puts even a little bit of effort into their appearance, a man will appreciate it. Hell, even some women who just rock pjs and a messy bun are hot sometimes. It's pretty much always other women who judge women on how they look or what they wear.
 Of course, they argue, fashion is a male dominated industry,Well no more. There are plenty of women at the top in the fashion world. The truth is women are intensely competitive, The very thing they hate about men
And the same people who comment on a woman wearing the same dress would also comment on a man always wearing the same suit, shirt and tie.  Most people don't care at all
Or you could just not give two shits about what other people think. 
I don't give a shit what anyone wears. I literally own two pairs of pants. Who the fuck am I to judge people. 
This woman has clearly had experiences where she has worn the same dress twice and people have given her shit for it.  
What about women privilege,  you know the one where they get to be rescued first in every disaster while the men are always the last and are just told to man up, or the fact than men are on the front lines of every deadly war .
Even if people did care, it's not like most dresses are as expensive as a custom-tailored suit.
Oh the horrendous oppression!
Theres nothing like wearing the same pair of sweatpants for 4 days
That’s so fucking true. Only women will give shot to women over dumb shit like that. 
If I could wear the same thing every day, like a cartoon characters, and I was comfortable l, I totally would.  I wish we could wear pajamas throughout our daily lives without the constant threat of judgment. :-(
they've run out of stuff to complain about that they're complaining about this shit?? lmao
it's funny because that problem along with all problems females have is a female construct. Yet they blame it on males.
"Equality is punishing men for everything women hate about themselves."
Just change your underwear and it’s all good 
Gay here. Also don't care.
If people wouldn't constantly paint men as responsible for every evil in the world I would say the following:

It doesn't matter that it's women giving the negative comments, just as it doesn't matter that it's men raping other men in prison (and no I'm not trying to say that this issue is on the same level of importance as prison rape). Gendered issues should be tackled no matter what the gender of the victim, not matter the gender of the perp. Women pressure eachother when it comes to clothing. Men pressure eachother when it comes showing/not showing emotion. Just because the people "at fault" are of the same gender doesn't mean that it's less of a problem.

*But* people on the internet keep painting men as responsible for any shitty thing that happens in the world, so I totally get why he tweeted that.
Pretty ridiculous. This girl obviously struggles with the concept of male privilege. Male privilege does not equal anything that is different about how men and women operate in society. 
This may just be some of the dumbest shit I've ever read
Such a first world problem. So out pf touch with reality. There are places in this world women aren't allowed to own property, and this lady is complaining about having to get a new dress for each social function. :facepalm;
Women get to wear all kinds of cool clothes and I'm stuck here in a suit managing sweat stains :(
Pure logic
Grey suit black suit, that's it, now tell me how is it privilege to be so limited on clothing options without being told you look a dick by both men and women. 
Also in addition this does happen to men. Plenty of men rich enough to afford it wouldn't be caught dead wearing the same suit twice due to social stigma. It's stupid as all hell for both sexes, but it does happen to both sexes. 
In my country, female privilege is not having to be conscripted and having laws that protect them if they are divorced. 
Wow what an absolute blessing. A fucking privilege. Life changing. How do women cope.
[deleted]
Not all men wear the same clothes to functions etc., some men are very proud of their image and keep up with looking good.
Is this really what MRAs are concerned about now? That's fucking hilarious.
Women mainly are the cause of their own fashion and body issues. 

The fashion business is driven by women, it's for women and women are in charge. Yet women blame "fashion" for their poor body image. 

Men like women that look like porn stars. Women HATE women that look like porn stars and strippers.


[I think you guys are a bit caught in a bubble here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1h_wHRJ4o6g) if you think this doesn't happen. 

We saw this during the 2016 election too, women are more often judged by what they wear and it hurts them more often. 

Also, I think this again points to this sub being anti-feminism or rather anti-people-saying-sexism-happens because I definitely can't see how this infringes on men's rights or how it relates to them either. Like, do you guys realize that feminism is not against men's rights and you don't have to fight them and it doesn't hurt men to support equal treatment? If you're really for men's rights, why does it seem you're more concerned with being against feminism? The two are not the same. 
"But that's just internalised misogyny, which comes from living in a patriarchical society. Yet another example of #WhyWeNeedFeminism."
This issue isn't really male or female centric but it does tend to influence women more. It has nothing to do with 'male advantage' though.

The fashion/beauty industries are somewhat relentless and have a ton of ways that they influence people to buy stuff.

Here's a commercial that they air lately selling crest whitestrips:

https://youtu.be/AP3sCUbChlI

Having glowing white teeth is purely aesthetic. This product doesn't do anything for your actual dental health, it's purely cosmetic. In the commercial, they promote the idea that if your teeth aren't white enough next to a Kleenex, then you suck basically. Personally, the girl seems to have mental health issues and her friend is an enabler.

Men are actually sort of lucky that we aren't targeted quite as much as women to adhere to these bullshit marketing tricks but that doesn't mean that we aren't victims of the same type of ad shenanigans.

Men & women are targeted differently. There is a lot of overlap for common products but women are hit with this stuff from more angles. There is a lot more media that is geared towards women and it's all trying to sell something.

This stuff has been going on for decades too. It's generational and a lot of people learn these kinds of behaviors early on when they're kids. One of the earliest constructs kids learn is the concept of 'cool'. Advertisers market 'cool' stuff to impressionable kids and they get hooked on the idea that to be 'cool', they have to fit a certain image or ideal that usually depends on spending money.

People put more effort into trying to impress strangers than just trying to please themselves as a result.

It bugs me that this is in /r/mensrights and used as a way to cause more hostility between men & women because this is an issue that affects everyone regardless of gender.

Companies and people selling stuff causes these attitudes. 'Men' really have nothing to do with it unless they work in the ad/marketing industries but there's plenty of women working the fields too.

It's better to blame aggressive capitalists for these self esteem crushing attitudes since they're the ones who force it on everyone else.
The title of your post does not say anything about its subject. This forces people to click and read before they can decide whether they are interested.

If everyone did this, the subreddit would become unusable.

So please don't do it. Take the time to describe your link, and save the time of hundreds of other people.

In future, such posts may be removed.
I feel like most people in this thread are missing that this is a completely accurate example of privilege in western (at least American) culture. Dresses aren't very high stakes, but it's proof that sexism originates from and is perpetuated by women just as much as it is from men.
That's still male privilege though? 
Pure autism

Edit, sorry that is offensive to people who suffer from autism. 
[deleted]
"WHO SAID THE DRESS WAS CUTE? \#PATRIARCHY"
I’m okay with wearing the same jeans and sweatshirt two days in a row. I don’t expect any more from my wife. 
Good luck asking some women to not buy so many. 
The worst thing women do to each other is slut shaming. Felt so bad for my friend who hesitated having sex with two different dudes in a short time frame because of the back lash she'd get. That's so messed up. Thankfully she followed her desires and doesn't regret it. Our society is a little fucky.
This Dude: "Hey, dumb man hater cunts, I poisoned this well from which you drink to shame men!  Remember not to drink from it!"

Man Hater: GLUGGLUGGLUGGLUGGLUG!!!
Seinfeld taught me otherwise. 
Are these people in high school? Getting burnt up about FUCKING cloths?! Sticks and stones... What happened to sticks and stones... 


Edit: phrasing.  
Edit: fixed edit.   
I'm pretty sure she could wear [this](https://media1.popsugar-assets.com/files/thumbor/aYYGiJ_E1FmCkGwvMoK1Quo3Foc/fit-in/1024x1024/filters:format_auto-!!-:strip_icc-!!-/2016/05/23/619/n/1922564/528ecfb38275810f_GettyImages-532152988/i/Bella-Hadid-Alexandre-Vauthier-Dress-Cannes-2016.jpg) to every red carpet event and no dude, straight dude, would complain. 
I had a lead at my last job who wore the same thing every day for a week. At the end of the week she told us about it, literally nobody noticed, not the men or the women.
I take advantage of this privilege ✊🏽✊🏽
Privilege is being able to give a shit about this

I wish I had these fucking problems
Don't try to pin that on men. Women wear different outfits for each other. Guys don't care or probably even notice.  
  
I have NEVER said to a woman: "Didn't you just wear that dress last week?"
In fact, if you wear it often and like it, then it saves me from having to comment on "which one I like more" and "why". Fuck, I'll buy you 31 of the same dress so you can wear the same thing every day and I don't have to be a part of your fashion decisions.
So true...I don't like make up but I realized they put it on to impress other women
This is utter nonsense. Only women care about this. I've even heard it directly from the mouths of several women I know, they dress up not to impress guys, but to impress girls in a competitive sort of sense. The dress, the heels, the makeup, it's to one up the other girls.

Shit, I'd love to see my girl wear her favorite dresses more often, who cares what other people think :p 
I give no fucks abour your dress.  Other catty women, maybe.  Who told women we care, let alone notice this?
I'm not sure about how this affects women but men have to dress differently a lot especially to formal events. e.g. Black tie 
Off topic but why is their info censored? They post publicly. Is it against reddit tos to post it with their Twitter handle? 
To be fair, I think I know what she’s trying to say....

It’s just that she picked the worst possible analogy.
If clothes are a problem, we can get rid off them...
A coworker my age (so I actually look at what she's wearing) wears the seemingly same things every day. I'm sure that she, just like me, has some things twice or thrice, or sometimes has another top I don't notice, but I do not care one bit about it. Does it look good, smell good and feel good? Then why shouldn't you wear it multiple times? Like wtf is this, I'm not going to have stuff in my dresser for 7 days, let alone buy all this shit. Having 4 shirts was already a stretch for me to find any good ones and one of them already seems kinda weird again
I'm glad someone finally said this, bitches can be fucking cruel to other bitches.
So... male privilege is not caring what catty women think?
I hate jeans, no mobility at all.

But if you're a girl you dont even have pockets so i guess i cant complain too much.
I can’t afford more than one look 
How the media reports female child rapists.

> Seduces

That's an interesting way to spell "was raped by."
Even if he was initially aggressive, she's old enough to make the cognitive decision that she shouldn't pursue it.

She ignored it, and slept with him. If this were a girl/man the media would crucify the man and have him castrated/hanged publicly.
Tfw a 13 year old boy can apparently "seduce" a hot woman. Fuck those pickup artists, guys should take notes from this kid! /s

So much for 'rape culture'. At least she's in jail, and the jury didn't fall for that shit.  
Just like all those 9 year old girls in Afghanistan seducing those old men.
Thought catalogue is basically a snazzier version of blogspot. Not "the Media" by any stretch. Your point still stands but this isn't evidence of it.
[deleted]
"The Media"

An unknown blog with one like on their tweet doesn't really constitute "the media" to me.
So this article is making fun of the people who are defending her, by using this title... It ends with 

> Luckily their support means little to the judicial system, and Alexandria Vera has now been sentenced to 10 years in prison.

[http://thoughtcatalog.com/gray-collins/2017/01/13-year-old-student-seduces-his-female-teacher-on-instagram-but-now-shes-in-jail/](http://thoughtcatalog.com/gray-collins/2017/01/13-year-old-student-seduces-his-female-teacher-on-instagram-but-now-shes-in-jail/)
I think our whole system is outdated.

Unless it's forceable rape, we need to tone down the sentence, in fact, ruining someone's career seems like enough to me.

Both male and female.

And this is disgusting. We need flat penalties for crimes. FLAT PENALTIES. No men get this, blacks get this, women get this, etc. same penalties. And no discretion for for cops. No letting women off because their women.

We need a reform of the entire judicial system.
This is sick. I can't imagine a 13 yr old kid putting on his rico suave moves and me not bust out laughing... I mean come on, "seduce"?! REALLY?! With what? His new mongoose bike, taking me on McDonald's dates, and showing me he can skate? 

Good lord, the media is messed up. 
Come on OP, this is a link from Thought Catalog. One garbage site does not equal the media.
[Archive this shit](https://archive.fo/nMAMo)
Yes, a 13 year old child made that poor defenseless woman screw around with her!  
Nicccccce
"The media." Don't get me wrong, that headline is fucked up, but this is by no means the media.
If a teacher doesn't know about statutory rape laws (or can't agree to abide by them), she shouldn't be a teacher.
A fucked up rationale for sure, but are we really going to credit one tweet as "the media"?
ok, what is going on with your notifications bar? get your priorities in order, man.
This isn't a respected media source it's a fucking blog. This sub really has to reach huh.
Maybe we could acknowledge that there's a deep sexism in the way we treat "statutory rape" cases *without* taking the most punitive, moral-panicky, think-of-the-children position on the question.
Call her what she is. A fucking pedophile. 

Edit: ok child molester works better. 
This is sooooooooo fucked. 
Every other news report I've seen about this case has put the blame on her. Not sure how one shitty outlet can be generalized as the "media"
To be fair, thought catalog isn't really the media. I'm pretty sure anyone can post anything on thought catalog. It's more like a metablog
If the 13 year old were a girl I wonder how they would have played this?
I'm wondering how the parents aren't at fault too.
Thought catalog, truly the best representation of the media. 
Nice
Sorry but if I was 13 I would have sold all of my GI Joes to climb up on that. 
Children have crushes, and sometimes they are on older people. It's the responsibility of an adult to deny all advances by the child. It is also their responsibility to tell the kid why it's a no go if the child refuses to stop. The kid should have known better, but not all kids can apply what they know immidiately. The adult definitely should have known better, since they have had years of experience in the adult world and aren't governed by a teenagers hormonal system. This shit is supposed to be common sense, but not for pedophiles I guess. 
>How the media reports female child rapists

How **Thought Catalog** reports female child rapists.

FTFY I saw plenty of news outlets report on this properly and assigning blame to the teacher. 

Don't take some fringe Twitter feed and apply their actions to the entire media. 

That is very poor reasoning on your part.
Thought Catalog is a collection of hobbyists writing columns. They are media in the same way someone with a tumblr account is media. Lets not make this bigger than it is. 
But if the roles were flipped and it was a 13 year old girl and a male teacher, ohhhh boyyyy. 
"Well your honor she seduced me!" "I know I know, but my hands are tied, it's with great reluctance I sentence you to prison for 15 years Mr. Williams though we all know she was the one pushing for it" -no judge ever, and were it to happen whole towns would burn down
To be clear, he did contact her and did what any person who wanted to have sex do is keep pestering the person until 1) they have sex or 2) gets told no. (Yes, it's more complicated than that but you get the idea)

She didn't stop him and enjoyed the attention she was getting instead of being an adult. This was an inappropriate relationship that he started but her being an ADULT should have ended it before it began.  Let your principal know, anyone know what is going on but, nope, she enjoyed the attention and continued this relationship.

So, technically, the title is correct but she is a fuckin' adult!  Be an adult.  You *should* know right from wrong, a child does not.
In fairness she probably made this decision in a cloud of his Axe body spray. For what grown woman could resist the charms of a 13-year-old boy?
How does a child seduce an adult. Like no matter what they say or do, it's a child. Any adult who finds their advances appealing is disturbed 
"Thought Catalog" represents the entire media? Never heard of them, just like I've never heard this crime framed this way. 
To be fair, even Thought Catalog's readers know this is bullshit. [All of these replies](http://imgur.com/a/aAHtY) are from women.
How are 13-year-olds seducing attractive women and I'm 26 and single?
I was the "victim" of a very similar situation when I was barely 15, and all I can ever think about is how no one would ever say I was a victim of statutory rape. It went on for almost three years until I turned 18, and by then the fun loving times with an extremely attractive 40 year old had turned into a convoluted situation that I found myself completely and utterly stuck in. Her wanting to leave her husband and kids to make a life with me, and me thinking to myself wtf happened. How did it turn into this craziness. I was all alone after almost three years of lying to literally everyone to cover up our affair. I ended up breaking down and telling my mother everything, then I almost immediately went off to my freshman year of college and left it all in the past. I'm almost 24 now and that experience has without a doubt changed my life. I was depressed for years and constantly thought of suicide. It's turned out ok now and I'm in a good place thanks to good people, but not a day goes by that I don't think about what happened and how that came to be. It's very fucked up to me now, but when I was 15 it was absolutely amazing. That's why women not being able to take advantage of men is a ridiculous thought
[deleted]
Even as this is clearly not right, I don't think it is right to put someone in jail for 10 years for having consensual sex with a 13 year old. (I know he is to young to "legally" consent but still.) 
> After the open house, she accompanied the student to his home where she was introduced as his girlfriend to the parents. Vera said that she was received very warmly, and the student’s parents even began inviting her to family functions. The student and his teacher’s relationship grew, and they saw each other and had sex often.

> Don’t these people understand statutory rape is crime? Nevertheless, there are Facebook pages filled with thousands of people defending Vera.

What the fuck is wrong with everyone 
The comments there are vile, but then so is the profile. Just never-ending clickbait bullshit.
Our news headline was "Texas teacher who had sex almost daily with 13-year-old student gets 10 years in prison" 
Unfuckingbelievable
>Don't these people understand statutory Rape is a crime?

Evidently your editor doesn't.

End of the article summarizes by saying "good ridance" basically. The clip bait title worked btw.
That reminds me of this. 

http://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/5673291

"Pedophile 'seduced' by 13 year old"
but women only 77 days in jail for every 100  man get ... lets get the feminist on this... EQUALITY NOW !
Wow that's disgusting 
I love the update (emphasis mine):

>Update: This piece is based on the language and storyline directly from police investigations. **Nowhere does the writer show support for someone who committed statutory rape**. Language has been added to the piece to make it abundantly clear that Vera was in the wrong, and that it is the overwhelming opinion of reasonable people that those defending her are incorrect.

Which would be fine, if the title itself still wasn't the horribly biased:

>13-Year-Old Student Seduces His Female Teacher On Instagram, But Now She’s In Jail
The fuck, thought catalog is not the media. No journalists are writing this headline. What a cock of fake fucking outrage. Pathetic.
Niiiiice
Niiicccceeeee!
wew, sounds like someone is trivializing statutory rape.. I wonder if there is a word for such a thing?
Feminist here (sorry). Just wanna say that me and my friends agree that that's a horrible  was to report that. They should call it for what it is: Statutory rape. 
NIIIIIICCCCEEEE 
/r/pussypassdenied
niceee
This kid will have bragging rights for the rest of his life. 
He, she, what?
She can rape me any time
I have a friend who ended up being so 'lucky' to get with his female teacher when he was around 14. Years later it really messed with him, he ended up telling his parents and the police. They prosecuted her, but the paedophile only got some small sentence like 2 years. It was disgusting
when i was young i would have loved to bang my attractive teachers. 
Something interesting is going on here. I never heard of Thought Catalog so the first thing I did was read the article then look up on the site. IT's a pretty big website owned by Warner Bros. So then I searched up big entertainment titans and see what they owned and what those media outlets reported.

My conclusion is that feminism is sold as a brand. All of this, a part of neoliberalism. They are selling to the masses and to themselves a certain.. zeitgeist so whatever they write must promote the zeitgeist - it seems to be a sort of bias. Perhaps groupthink or something related to it. Labeling "female child rapist" does not fit into the promotion of branded feminism; not the academic kind, the more complex kind.

But hey, that's just my two cents on all-ah-dis. Just a few quick google searches. Thought it was interesting nuff so wanted to share with yall. Probably didn't make any sense
Really? You're gonna pretend that 'Though catalogue' is representative of how the media reports female child rapists? 

Eat a dick, OP.
I guess the mom jokes paid off
This sub is just food for depression and it really hurts to be here for more than an hour at a time... what is anybody doing about *anything*? Any of the issues raised, what are we doing other than posting them to /r/MensRights and saying "look at this bullshit"? That's what really brings me down... I like the sub and the people here are nice, but it just seems like a collective kicking-n-screaming to the grave, rather than a movement toward any sort of progress?
Lol, I thought it was going to be for taking that selfie while driving.  It wasn't
Disgusting.
Let's reverse that and see how it sounds
Kid has relations with hot teacher.
Randy marsh: Niiiiccceeee
It's always a very attractive, flattering photo of the female as well meant to incite a sexual response in the male viewers, making them typically miss the whole point. Let's face it, women aren't really pushing for these women to get punished, so if men are all too horned up to see clearly this problem will persist. 

Horny-ness and a general pathetic level of "thirst" for sex is about 90% of the reason this sub even has to exist. 
Am I the only one that after reading the article sees that the title was sarcasm? He concludes that she got what she deserved.

http://thoughtcatalog.com/gray-collins/2017/01/13-year-old-student-seduces-his-female-teacher-on-instagram-but-now-shes-in-jail/
I think we need to get rid of the blanket term "media".  Thought catalog posts shit like this next to "how to fall in love with any zodiac sign using just one word"
[This may belong here. ](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=w0yfGIpxKQM) 
Abesolutely disgusting.
"13 year old girl sperm-jacks Mexican gardener, now HE'S in jail". 
Is that post even considered "The Media"????
Ahh yes, that bastion of the mainstream media, Thought Catalog. To think of all the Pulitzers they've won and now this.
Tl;dr

13 year old student pursuea teacher. Teacher begins a relationship with the student. Introduces the teacher to his parents as his GIRLFRIEND and they reguarly have sex at his home and the teachers home. Shes even invited by the parents to family events.

Teacher geta pregnant and has abortion. Finally questioned by child services and is now facing 10 years in jail.


Where the hell are the charges against the parents who encouraged their relationship?
I definitely think there's a double standard, but "the media" is a pretty broad term in this case.  That Thought Catalog looks like bots masquerading as Hot Topic staffers.  When you look at the google 1st page results for [+13 +year +old +teacher] you'd see that this is the only one characterizing the story this way and likely is only on the front page due to sharing it in forums like this one.  Bot promoting trash, discussing trash on Facebook/Reddit is how you get inundated with trash and begin to believe it's a real discussion.
The article says they had "sex daily" but given that she was his English teacher maybe he just had dyslexia and she was giving him daily tutoring to help him out.

And by tutoring I mean sex.
God damn this is shameless
There is absolutely a double standard. That said, "the media"? Who the fuck is the thought catalog 
Rage inducing.
MFW 13 year olds can seduce women yet a late teenager like me is still a virgin :(
I am continually stunned by the traction gained by the weak-ass arguments for feminist-claimed "rape culture" when I see things like this, that seem to only raise a few sets of eyebrows.

When I was like 8, my neighbor's crack-addicted mother pinned me down, mounted me and rubbed our privates together (through clothes). I don't remember how it stopped, but it stopped there. If she had gone further, what would they have written about me in the papers?
Women are always victims.

All of these comments saying it's good he got laid and he has bragging rights. I suppose it is good this happened. I mean, when I was sexually harassed against my will in middle school by a group of girls, I SHOULD have wanted it and used the situation to brag, but now I just have general trust issues with women.

I'm sure I'll stop being a pussy some day, though.
"Nice"
But where is the link to her Instagram account?!?!?!
Women have no agency and the world; the Western one and actually most of it.. Claim this... Want it... And cheer for it... Male = dominance, female = submission. We're in for a wild ride for the next 25yrs ..
That's not a real picture of the woman id imagine ? 
WHAT!?!?!? This legitimately pissed me the fuck off.
I wouldn't call that the media
Yeah, it's kind of like when my 13 year old nephew convinced me to let him drive my mustang GT. For some reason when he ran over a few pedestrians and crashed into a house, they threw ME in jail! Something about children not being adults and being unable to judge the consequences of certain actions, and something about, being an adult in a position to provide a certain level of care for the child makes me responsible for putting the keys into his hand and saying "go for it!"...  

I made this up, just wanted to get that out there before someone takes me seriously.
Implying that women are so weak-minded that a grown woman gets seduced by a child.
*13-Year-Old girl seduces her male teacher on Instagram, but now he's in jail*
Who the fuck is Thought Catalog?
Bruh, check your twitter
If you can be seduced by a 13 year old, you shouldn't be walking freely.
See: Lena Dunham. 
This is toxic feminity and female privilege all rolled into one.
OP your notifications are poppin
Jesus fucking Christ.
This is exactly what south park parodied against, .....nice
The tweet literally only has one like lmao y'all stop acting as if CNN tweeted this shit out
"13-Year-Old Student Seduces Her Male Teacher on Instagram, But Now He's In Jail."

Would anybody find that title appropriate for any article? No? I didn't think so either. 
One of the biggest papers in Britain reported this crime as "woman SLEEPS with student, is jailed".

Isn't it amazing how whenever a woman rapes, everybody falls "asleep"?

...in more ways than one.
[Here is the article.](https://www.reddit.com/r/MensRights/comments/5opx74/how_the_media_reports_female_child_rapists/dclm8li)
It literally defends the boy and calls it statutory rape.
The title is just to grab attention and ridicule the people who were defending the rapist.
Nice!
I don't have anything to add, Im just here to upvote every single "nice" in this thread. Every single one. 
That kid has more game than half the male population combined 
God I just love boobs.
nice
Nice.
LMAO the first paragraphs read like a backwards TRP field report with him seducing her by being an asshole lol. I don't believe it tho
That kid is a G!
is she hot? 


niceee
Hot damn I wish she would have raped me when I was that age. 
Nice.
This case was posted to morbidreality, and every other comment was defending that the kid was "biologically ready" and "wasn't traumatized" by this. Check my post history if you're a masochist. It's truly, truly disgusting.
This shit makes me mad. 
She was jailed, end of it. Are you guys outraged because of some stupid random clickbait article?

Welcome to the internet I guess.
listen .. this is 100% wrong and people like this need to rot in jail 

but .. where the fk were all these teachers when I was 13 
Why is it rape if he wanted to have sex with her? 
Girls if you hit, slap, belittle, kick, punch, choke, throw things at, or control your boyfriends, you are the abuser.

and yelling..

please lets not forget how bad it is if the woman is constantly yelling too. 
My father always took my mothers punches and kicks with a painful laugh. I really admire him for that, when she hits me I don't have it in me to smile or laugh it off. And what often hurts even more than the punch is how disappointed she looks when I wince in pain.
She stopped hitting us a few years ago and I'm thankful for that, but I still instinctively flinch often when she moves her hands to grab something suddenly. And she's hurt by that, that I'm afraid of her, and in turn that hurts me, because i love my mother despite her many flaws and I don't want her to feel guilty.

I don't know why I'm telling you guys this personal story, it's just that that text makes me think that it's ok to share this
I remember I once saw a crazy woman hit her bodybuilder boyfriend with her purse, and punch him in the face etc. He just took it, blocked some with the hands but did not fight back. Because he knew that if he would fight back he would be viewed as the abuser. 
How do we have a world where anyone would see the need to write something so obvious? How do we teach girls so that they would think strength or empowerment means hurting men?
[deleted]
What may get lost in this message is that a woman is more likely to abuse a man socially.  I would emphasize the words "belittle" and "control" in the original message.  This is where women bully and abuse men in a relationship because they often have more power and the ability to manipulate in this realm.  

It is obvious when someone physically assaults someone else.  Controlling and abusing someone through superior social skills is far more pernicious and less likely to be seen as abusive by the abuser and others.
My wife does all of these things. I feel sorry for her boyfriend.
[deleted]
The fact that this needs to be said is soul crushing 
I had an older girlfriend right out of high school. I thought I was a baller. She'd abuse me all the time and think it was hilarious, and when I would tell her to stop she would call me a pussy. It started with just punches to the arm and it slowly graduated to slaps in the face just for her amusement. 

One Sunday, we were laying around and she said 'hey, let's go to Best Buy so I can get a cd.' (I know, I'm old as fuck). And I told her no, I didn't feel like it because the Best Buy was 30 minutes away. After about 20-30 minutes of whining and complaining I gave in. We were in my car riding there, when she said, 'why are you being an asshole?' To which I replied 'how? I haven't even said anything.' Which was true because the whole car ride I was silent. 

She then said 'just stop being an asshole.' And then I gave her a mockingly 'okay!' And then she punched me in my right cheek. Closed fist punch to the face while I was driving down the highway. I had enough. I pulled onto the shoulder and I grabbed her thigh and I told her to never fucking do that ever again. And then she told me to stop being a fucking pussy. 

I threw my car back into drive and made u-turn and went back to her house. When we got in front of her house I put the car in park and said 'get out of my car.' And then she turned on the cutesy sweet girl act like she always did and the I yelled 'GET THE FUCK OUT OF MY CAR YOU CUNT'

She slapped me in the face again. I then got out of the car and started to walk to the passenger door. I was so mad I was going to rip her out of the car. She got out quickly and then I just turned back, got back into my car and sped off.

The next day I went over to her house to get my things while she was at work. I never talked to her again. 

I actually saw her a few years ago while I was hopping around the local bars when I was home visiting my parents for a long weekend. She was with some younger guy and she put on about 75lbs. It felt good to see her looking like a mess, but I felt bad for her new boyfriend. 
I felt abused by that watermark

"Never hit a lady. If she hits you though, she ain't no lady" 

Edit: just as a preemptive note: "never hit a gentleman, if he hits you, he's no gentleman" 
Women are not taught how to deal with feelings of anger and violence in a healthy way, and this is how it manifests. Women are assumed to not have these feelings. Men are taught from a very young age that they will have these feelings, and they need to control and channel them in healthy ways. 

Just like how men are not taught how to deal with feelings of sadness, loss, and even friendship. 

It's not OK to hit people. Teach your daughters just like you teach your sons. 
it doesn't even have to be from someone you love

I hate it when girls or female friends I'm talking to at bars get belligerent and overly-pushy after they've had a few drinks

i don't care that you're small/petite and i'm 6'4", its just annoying and makes me want to avoid being around you

special shout-out to all the girls that can hold their booze with class
I've posted this a few times, but it fits here.

My ex girlfriend dumped me a year ago (with a text message, a week before Christmas). I was with my ex girlfriend for almost 3 years when it ended. We talked and planned about; marriage, kids and spending the rest of our lives together. Hell, I was a week away from asking her to marry me when she left. I tried so hard to save my relationship. 

I became extremely dependent on her. She was my best friend. I trusted her completely and I never questioned her. She was everything to me. The reason I got up in the morning. The reason I went to the gym. She gave me a purpose. No matter what happened to me, I knew I was going to be OK because I had her by my side. I cannot put into words how much I loved her or how important she was to me. I put her needs in front of everything else in my life. I would've moved heaven and earth for her. When she left, I didn't know who I was anymore. 

I didn't see it at the time, but she treated me terribly. She was horribly emotionally and mentally abusive to me. The entire relationship was on her terms and I was basically her boyfriend when it was convenient for her or she needed something (ie: emotional support, sometimes I felt like her therapist). After she left me (she said that I was the one abusing her. I believed her and went to get help. I didn't want to be a man who abuses the ones he loves. I quickly found out that I was the one being abused) I found out that she had been cheating on me for months. On top of that, I found out that pretty much everything that she ever told me was a lie and that I never really knew the real her. It's a strange and awful feeling to realize that the person you fell in love with, the person you truly believed was your soul mate was never real.

I know I'm much better off without her. When I told her that I'd never talk to her or see her again, she said "What the hell? But you're my best friend! I need you in my life! You promised that no matter what happened, you'd always be there for me". When I told her that it would just be to painful for me, that I couldn't go from being a week away from asking her to marry me to being just friends, she told me that wasn't normal and just another reason why she had to leave me. I know now that she has an extremely bad personality disorder (Borderline Personality Disorder/Sociopath). But...I still miss her. I still want her. There's still a part of me that believes we were meant to be together. I know that was never real, that it was part of her personality disorder but it's incredibly difficult to separate that. It hurts so much to tell my story and have people say "wow, I never would've left you" or "she'll never find a guy who will treat her as well as you did". Or to have your therapist say "you are absolutely marriage material and you're going to make some woman extremely happy one day". It hurts because it just leads me to think "Why? Why, if I'm so great. If I treated her so well...why did she leave me? Why did she hurt me so much?"

It's been a year now. I'm still single and I just turned 30. I'm terrified I'm going to be alone for the rest of my life alone. I'm terrified I'm never going to find someone I'll love as much or want to spend the rest of my life as much as I did with her. I'm slowly (with the help of therapy) rebuilding myself. I'm slowly starting to feel like my old self again. But, when someone is involved with ever aspect of your life, a lot reminds you of them. I still find myself going "Huh, I wish I could tell/show her this or that" or "I bet she'd find this funny".

I've learned that emotional and mental abuse...is odd. Odd is the best way I can describe it. It's like being trapped in our my head. I know that xyz is not true and I have overwhelming proof that xyz is not true. But there's this voice, her voice telling me that we're wrong. That xyz is true and that I'm a horrible person and a monster. 

My ex convinced me I was a monster. She convinced me that I was not only solely responsible for the death of our relationship, I was responsible for everything wrong in her life. Her depression, anxiety, social troubles (she had a very hard time making and keeping friends. At the time I could never understand why. I figured she was misunderstood), school trouble...everything was because of me. She said that I had sexually assaulted her. She said I was mentally and emotionally abusing her. She said I was controlling her by keeping her from seeing her friends and family (nothing could be further from the truth. I hardly saw her. I didn't want her to be forced to see me, if that makes sense. I believed her when she said she really wanted to see me but she was busy. She was always busy. I felt forgotten. When I told her this she said "I don't forget about you. I'm just busy and I had my entire life to see you!" The last year we were together, we only saw each other 30 times. The rest was text and phone calls). She refused to even see me in person because "she was afraid of what her reaction would be if I tried to comfort her and that she no longer felt safe around me". She threatened to beat the shit out of me and told me that it would be my fault because I had the audacity to ask one of her few friends if he was dating her (the same guy she was cheating on me with). She said that I had left her no other choice but to leave me and told me "I hope you learn from this because this is all your fault. You took something that was once so beautiful and turned it into something ugly and painful". And I believed every single word she said.

I was beyond crushed. I almost killed myself that night. I couldn't even stomach my own reflection in the mirror. For months I cried every single day. Then she tormented me by making sure it got back to me how happy she was or how she has a new boyfriend. My depression got so bad I had my local Crisis and Suicide Prevention line calling me every day to check on me.

The road has been very long but I have gotten better over the past year. I haven't cried for a few months now and that's a good thing. She no longer consumes my ever thought, but she's still very present in my mind because of the hole she left both in me and my life. People tell me that I'll find someone far better than her but if I'm being honest, I don't know if I believe that. After all, I really thought she was my soul mate. How do you find that again?

The scary part is, being completely honest...if she were to try to come back, I'm not sure if I'd say "No".

I didn't just loose a girlfriend. I lost my best friend. I lost my future wife. I lost the mother of my children. I lost my partner who I couldn't wait to share the rest of my life with. Above all else I lost my future, something I am slowly starting to get back, even if I have a hard time believing that.

Well...that's my horrible breakup. I just wanted to share what I went through.
Most bystanders probably just assume the guy deserves it anyway.

"He must be an asshole" "He's probably cheating"
Things I'd expect to hear from casual onlookers.
my mother literally destroyed my father.  physically, mentally, and emotionally.   real fucking shitshow.  
It makes me really happy to see this! There needs to be more recognition of this and more support for those of who have gone through it and reeducation for those who are the abusers.
I just recently broke up with my girlfriend after having close friends and family make it clear to me that her controlling behavior was abuse.  I guess it had been going on for a while, but given the way we're conditioned as men growing up, I just couldn't conceive of myself as the man in the relationship being the subject for abuse.  

That changed the other night when she went into another of her jealous rages (ironic because I've never been anything but 100% faithful in our relationship) and demanded to see my phone.  I had let her see my phone in the past to prove that I wasn't maintaining relationships with any other women, which was a huge mistake and even though the content of my phone showed I wasn't unfaithful, she seized on a small inconsistency in my story (which I honestly just remembered incorrectly) and still put me through the ringer of emotional abuse.  On the night in question, I told her that looking at my phone is a boundary, and it wouldn't be happening any more.  She pressed the issue, and I told her that if she really felt like she wasn't going to be satisfied until she looked at my phone, then she needed to leave and cool off.  She ripped my phone out of my hands, and walked out the door.  I can't do anything to grab it back because I risk hurting her and being on the wrong side of Johnny Law's interpretation of events.

An hour later, she's back, pounding on my door.  I'm pretty pissed at this point, so I crack the door and tell we can talk, but she needs to stay outside.  She jams her knee between the door frame and door, and starts to push into it with her whole body weight.  This is a totally shitty situation for me.  We do powerlifting together, and while I'm undoubtedly a lot stronger than she is, she's by no means weak.  In order for me to keep her out of my house, I risk physically hurting her by virtue of the force I'd need to exert to push her back.  So at this point, not only have I had my phone taken, I've had her enter my house against my explicit instructions to her that she's not welcome inside.  She throws my phone down on the floor and informs me that she deleted it.  (Actually, she tried to enter the PIN incorrectly so many times it auto-wiped.)  I lose a 10-year career worth of contacts in advertising that I didn't have backed up, along with all the photos and videos that aren't backed up on a cloud service.  

In the meantime, she continues to yell at me about how I've somehow lied to her.  I tell her she needs to leave my house, and she refuses to leave.  Fine, I tell her, she needs to sleep on the couch then.  She refuses that.  I'm pissed, but I feel that calling the cops is more risk than reward, despite the fact that I've done nothing wrong.  We settle into an uneasy truce where she's asleep in my bed and I'm just totally ignoring her.  Thankfully, I was able to wake her up the next morning and tell her she had 5 minutes to get out, and I think at that point she'd cooled down enough to have at least a modicum of remorse and leave.

It sucks because even though this really was a breaking point for me, I still have compassion for her and why she has such terrible trust issues.  I dunno if that makes me a "cuck" or whatever, but I still struggle with feeling like I'm somehow letting her down because I know how bad she had it as a child, and I feel like if I could somehow just be better I'd be capable of helping her.  In the end though, I realize that trying to do that from within a relationship with her is just going to perpetuate the problem and run me absolutely ragged, and that ultimately she needs professional help.  

I never thought that myself, as a man, would be in this kind of situation.  I thought abusive relationships were shit that happened to other people, and they were idiots for not just walking away.  I'm just glad I had support from people who had my best interests in heart and gave it to me straight about what was going on.
As a survivor of domestic abuse, I agree. I also think, if a woman beats up a guy, that if she gets hit (when she was hitting him first), that's fair enough.
[deleted]
No one has the right to lay their hands on me.  The gender of the individual is an irrelevant fact.  

Karsh
My ex slapped me in the face once and gave me the "WHAT YOU GONNA HIT ME NOW?!" tough chick bullshit.  I laughed in her face.  I think that was worse than hitting her...
[deleted]
it's the white knights I fear more.

you forgot yell
I wish stuff like this was said more often, because women are just as likely to be the abuser in a relationship. Oftentimes because they know they are more likely to get away with it than men are.

My uncle married a woman who used to kick the shit out of him all the time. There was one fight that was getting out of control, so he just went ahead and called the police and she hit herself in the face with a beer bottle so the cops would haul him off.

It all came to a breaking point with their last fight when she grabbed and twisted his balls so hard he ended up in the hospital for three days.

I really hate that even these days, many men are brought up with the ancient concept of chivalry, that you never hit a woman, ever, even if you are defending yourself. The idea is beyond absurd and shows there's still a ton of gender bias alive and well.

A few years ago I was at a local bar and this lady flipped out when I refused to buy her a drink, she tried to knee me in the groin, barely missed. So I punched her in the throat, laid her out and left. I still get shit from my friends about that. But I bet that asshole at the bar thinks twice before assulting men now.
Muscle doesn't stop punches from hurting. 

Source: am muscle, don't like teh punchez
[deleted]
This hits way to close to home for me right now. FML 
I'm gay and this still applies to me.
Are there actually people who think this is okay?
Apparently withholding sex is a form of abuse. According to an abuse awareness pamphlet I read. What's up with that?
I honestly just can't believe that it's 2017 and things as basic and as obvious as this have to still be said out loud. 

You'd think we'd be better than that by now.
Hey there r/all, time for some tough love on this subject. It's just as bad for a woman to hit her man as it is for a man it hit his woman. If any person is stuck in an abusive relationship, now is the time to take action.
An actual men's rights issue that gets forgotten about.
Finally, a mens rights thread on the front page. Now we are getting somewhere.
Yeah, I don't think this is controversial. 
[deleted]
I know 3 separate girls that used to hit their boyfriends when they got really drunk.  Girls always blamed it on the alcohol and just brushed it under the rug.  But the last one of those girls was my ex and I wasn't physically injured but it broke my heart.  
No shit. I mean this has nothing do with age, gender, size, or context. I'm not even sure why this has to be said. violence just creates whole other problem next to a pre-existing problem. 

When my brother and I were young our mom used to hit us as a punishment. When I was about fourteen year old, My mom saw my grades and wasn't happy about it, so she decided to punish me. she grabbed and pulled my shirt then began to slap my face and ear across the living room, I tried to block her attacks with my arms, but that made her hit me even harder. I do not know what came out over me, suddenly I felt enrage and pushed her away which she fell and landed on the sofa. She began to cry and said: " I should never hit her back, as she is my mom.". Immediately, I felt guilty for pushing her, I didn't say anything or look at her face I just look down to floor I went to my room. I didn't remember when we start talking again, maybe a week or a month. But after that day she would not use physical beating as a punishment.
I dated this girl in high school who did this too.  Over an argument, where she was obviously wrong, she punched me multiple times.  After breaking free, i called the police on her.  I made it clear, she hit me, i did not touch her in a harmful way.  Im the guy, the girl hit me.  Send a female officer to fucking check her so i do not get accused of bullshit.  They came and took her ass away.  The cops were still looking at me like i did something.  They can all eat a bag of shit.  
[deleted]
Men have a limit with each other where generally, if u cross the line a physical altercation is possible. Women live in a special little world where this isn't the case. So women's egos are fuuuuuuuuckin yuge these days thanks to this and social media, Internet dating ect
I don't know many women who don't agree with this. Actually i don't know ANY women who think its okay to abuse their partner. 

Im lucky and i feel sorry for any victim of abuse no matter their gender.
[deleted]
I mean the message is alright, but can we at least crop out the iFunny watermark?
If ANYONE hits you, you have the obligation to hit back. No matter what the sex...
stuff like this is needed but ultimately is irrelevant because most girls and women know this behavior is wrong and hurts men. the problem is the systemic discrimination and misandry of the culture to not protect men from it like it protects women from men's abuse. until the laws change, men are never protected from womens abuse and women are encouraged to abuse.
The same goes for cheating or for leading on multiple men.  When men do it they're scumbags, when women do it they're "empowered" or "strong and independent."  Bullshit, scumbag behavior is just that, no gender implications required.
[deleted]
[deleted]
I was a victim of abuse at the hands of my now Ex-wife. During our ridiculous long break up. There was much abuse thrown back and forth. But, I found **two** things that were especially egregious, and really things that she got away with mainly because of her sex.
  
-Having a woman you love try to beat you, is in fact devastating. Even when she is a foot and an inch shorter and less than a third of my weight (always were total opposites sizewise). She also, had little muscle tone, and I was jacked. It was like trying to knock down a wall with a wet noodle. I remember having a cop almost beg me to just say it once, "She hit me". He was tired of seeing my house. She was always the one to call. Cop promised I will probably never have to go through it again. She was lashing out in way she thought she could totally get away with at anytime. He was sure she would be convinced otherwise fairly quickly. I had no desire to have the mother of my children in cuffs. Will always wonder if I just extended the pain.
  
-Worse than my Ex's ineffectual "beatings", was an all too common form of abuse, that is simply **NEVER** mentioned. Someone please tell me if this behavior has a name. When her rage was peaking, and her self control was a little in check, she would do something very consistent and specific. It happened most often to me when I was trying to disengage from an argument in any way. What she would do, what many people sometimes do, is: **Try to manipulate me to engage in an argument I want no part of. Specifically, it was very clear she wanted me to do something inappropriate**. Preferably she wanted me to be violent. Her words and actions were meant to illicit a fright or flight response, she would save the cruelest and most tasteless tactics. In my experience, I would immediately try to just get away, jump in the car and decide were I'm going once I was a block away. She would physically block doorways, all of them. The closet to get shoes, the bathroom so I could pee, the front door, and finally the car door. I usually escaped unscathed. Thankfully, my therapist saw fit to prepare me in case I should encounter this behavior. I can proudly state that I never gave her what she wanted. Best advise I ever got was to keep my hands deep in my pockets at all times. How I managed not to break down and give in to my base and almost natural instincts is something I'm actually proud of. I'm not saying that NOT being abusive is a cause for celebration. It is a mere expectation of civility, humanity, and law. There is no way for a **man** to win these situations. The only small victory is in self control.  

TL;DR: Women will sometimes try to force a man to be violent or inappropriate. An almost impossible situation for any man. Much too common. Woman behaves badly, her man is the one tested and put at risk. 
And at some point, he may decide to defend himself, and you may be spitting out teeth. 
This applies to all humans regardless of gender,sexual orientation,race or age.
(I should add, this is the capstone of months of verbal abuse, gradually grinding me down. 5 minute sudden shouting matches here and there, eventually, this happened. By this point i'm already a bit of a wreck tbh)

My ex partner was blocking the exit to the house by blocking the stairs and screaming at me for about twenty minutes about how she hates everything about me and basically just wanting to demolish my self-esteem, the insults were incoherent when taken together, but drove the same point in over and over. 
Couldn't get past her obviously, because that'd be physical.

She'd say I was too arrogant and too insecure, as an example. Just a constant scream of what amounts to "I hate you."
"You're a slob" "You care too much about your appearance you vain fuck" etc.

Eventually this devolved into death threats and how I should die, how my mother should have killed me, that she was gonna shove me down the stairs, stuff like that.

Eventually she got out of the way, and I immediately took a break for it.
Shoulda paid attention.

She ran and shoved me in the direction of the stairs. 

Doesn't matter that it didn't work, for a second, I really thought it might.
My brain snapped and I became more like a frightened animal.
I clawed at her face and punched her, shoved her into the wall, and ran away, almost fell down the fucking stairs anyway from scurrying.

I curled up in as a ball in an alley and called the police to explain what happened. I think I was still snapped in the brain, because it took like an hour for me to calm down enough for them to understand my rambling. Apparently I was completely incoherent at first and gradually calmed down from the operator being nice to me. She stayed on the phone and talked to me while the cops traced it. Probably heard I was terrified.

She denied none of it. The police filed one report, which we both signed, because it was the truth.
Was still me taken to a cell for the night. 

Nothing happened to her.

I'm pretty sure She tried to kill me, and nothing happened to her.

When I got back, she'd trashed the place. It was my home.
*shrug*

Maybe I coulda kept it together from the physical attack without the big attempt to demolish my mind and wear me down first, maybe not.

I dunno what happened to me. Nothing really crossed my mind. I just remember blind panic and my physical actions, the occurrence of events. Conscious kind of thought wasn't there.

I will never call the police again. No male should when dealing with a woman.

Don't give me the crap about it being women being small. Anyone can understand how what she did was dangerous to me. It's not that. It's that society refuses to hold women accountable for anything, ever. 

I felt pathetic for my breakdown. I felt embarrassed to be seen like that. I'm embarrassed even talking about it.

I think what triggered it is she managed to convey such spite and malice and hatred and such wish of harm on me, that as soon as I realized it wasn't just talk, but that she was willing to physically try to enact it? I just snapped and went into fight/flight. Like, her malice and contempt for me sort of loomed over me and when she shoved me I didn't feel big. I felt really small, and frightened. That's the kind of sense I got. Its stupid. I dunno. I guess if you try and break someone mentally they might break mentally in unpredictable ways. Maybe i'll never understand it.

If she'd pressed charges, I probably would have gone to jail I think. She had blood on her face from me clawing at her and punching her, and the wall had busted a bit.

I probably could have killed her.

She didn't press charges because she didn't want me to either. But I couldn't risk it. If the cops saw fit to take me away instead of her, i'm pretty sure i'd be the one in court. I don't think she figured out she could have done it.

"Worst" part?
The cops were pretty clearly sympathizing more with me. When they said they needed to seperate us for the night, the cop who said it, he broke eye contact with me.

He knew. he knew it was unfair and he did it anyway.
That's one of the things that really sticks with me about that day. It felt like I had been betrayed as well as everything else.
I could have handled him being a bigot. But that really got to me.

She was a cunt, but i've moved on. But that cop deciding to knowingly fuck me over still gets to me. Stupid I guess.

When I saw her a few times after that, despite her clearly "Losing" that fight in terms of physical injury, I was scared  of her. She wasn't of me. Didn't act it anyway. Couldn't help it. Just saw her, and fwoompf. Brain starts getting itchy to leave. Everything becomes sharper focused, stuff like that. Pretty sure she gave me PTSD.
Duh?
https://youtu.be/LlFAd4YdQks

Reminds me of this video.   
It's really sad and stupid either way, I don't care the gender. Hitting someone is abusive and unnecessary. 

This still gets to me, even decades later.

After the abuse I suffered at the hands of both genders in my youth, learning how hardly anybody gives a damn about, or would rather minimize, the psychological blows dealt at the hands of girls to me, it opened my eyes to just how uncaring this world can be.

Some people have told me "But we DO teach both genders not to hit each other in school".  I always end up asking "How come girls continue to get the idea that boys are fair game to treat as physical and emotional punching bags as they grow older?"

Another question I'd tack on is "How come in enteratainment, creators think a strong, female protagonist means they have to always be right and the male characters always wrong, possess no flaws whatsoever, and are given free reign to emotionally and physically assault a male character for no reason except for either saying the wrong thing or making a mistake?"

Believe me when it baffles me no one has bothered to even explore this.
Tumblr in action, am i right?
For the gender that is supposed to be more in touch with their feelings they have a lot of trouble empathizing with the feelings of a man they are in a relationship with.
Lots of comments here taking the p*ss out of the issue. Not sure why there's no respect for such a serious issue when men get no consideration as victims of this.
How can she slap
oh shit when the feminazis at /srs see this shit they'll lose their minds.

"patriarchy intensifies"
[deleted]
I used to get punched by an ex all the time it takes a strong man not to hit back trust me
This hits so close to home.
i will never hit a lady, but i will beat the white off an uppity ho
Ifunny repost
Girls if you hit, slap, belittle, kick, punch, choke, throw things at ***expect to be hit back***
  
  
  
fixed that for y'all
Girls, if you hit, slap, punch, kick, spit on or katate chop your boyfriend, you are single. 
If women were treated how other men were, they would do a lot less abusing. They know they can get away with things because 99% of men won't do anything about it. 
Woman slaps a man: Legal

Man slaps a woman: Illegal

Men are psychically stronger than women: That's apparently the logic.
There are sometimes posts that you open just to see the "other discussions" tab at the top.  And of those posts, there are those where you are inexplicably disappointed to see that tab completely missing.  This is one of those post.  This is not the subreddit that needs to see this information.
And he's justified in hitting her back.
Pointing out the fact that this is NOT ok and being told to "man up". 

Leave her. 
my girlfriend slapped me while being drunk because i tickeled her. She has apologized a million times, we haved moved on, but that was still emotionally devastating
This. Plus the fact that society says you go girl and good for you (mostly the fault of men with daughters think the more evil she is the better its like they get a hard on or they think other men are as abusive as them maybe? but to be fair if he did say anything he would be considered abusive). 

Mainly due to years and year and years of shows like oprah showing men are bad men are evil. Its not womens fault if women were really nice and kind to you all your life but you have a show like Oprah showing women are bad look at all the stuff they are doing, it would have an impact on you too. Not saying men are good, but all those tv shows saying men are bad does make people react.

This is happening now with other groups, where you go "where did they find these people?" Eventually your like woah! This is real? They believe that? And eventually it makes you react. Eg: finding crazy religous people, crazy "sjws" and instead of just being this person is crazy and ignoring them they are on national tv, and full circle back to the other side with "anti sjws" that are doing their own cringie childish stupid things. And no matter how much we try to ignore them they keep being shoved in our faces till we react to these 3 groups...

At least most people now (unless they are neanderthals) think that hey if she is hurting you there is nothing wrong with sending her to another realm for a while
no shit?
Girls__,__ * 
  
I thought you were all about commas. Get your shit together.
They don't care. As long as they can get away with it.
My ex was a hitter. I never hit back because I was afraid of losing control and really hurting her.
While decidely distinct from physical abuse, verbal/emotional abuse is still abuse and awful.
It complicated to be a man in traditional gender roles. Strong enough to cry. Gentle enough to go downstairs when somebody is breaking in. Be a great provider but do not spend to much time away from home. Today's modern man is walking contradiction.  
YES.
I tell both my son and daughter:

Physical violence is an idiots way of resolving conflict.

Both are martial arts students. Both could do serious damage to each other and those around them....however both know that physical violence is better left to idiots.
[deleted]
Most people agree with this
Normally not a fan of this sub, but this is a good post.
What if I like being choked? 
Can we all vow to share this on Facebook?
[deleted]
No fucking shit. Any feminist will agree with you. This sub is unreal.
Constant nagging is abuse as well, a study done a while back showed that nagging could cause severe stress and could actually shorten a mans life...

If you ask him to do something two or three times and he doesn't get it done... FREAKING HIRE SOMEONE TO DO IT OR DO IT YOURSELF...  At this point it's clear he either doesn't have time to do it, the knowledge, just doesn't like doing it or has more important things to do...

Don't have enough money to hire someone? Get a freakin job...
Equal rights get equal lefts. 
Equality in a nutshell [Facebook bullshit]

Funny but this really isn't a men's rights issue, is it? 
She's not wrong though. I look like a menopausal librarian without my beard.
Whew, this is just what the men's rights movement needs, more dumb crybaby bullshit that makes it look like senseless whining. Bravo.
Hi, lurker from r/all here. Genuinely curious, why do you guys lend so much credence to what people say on Facebook? I've seen articles and quotes posted here which I thought this sub was for, but now it looks like a crossover of Tumblr in action and similar subreddits. 

I just don't understand the fascination with what random people spout off on social media. 

Why does society call it "make-up" instead of "face paint"?
I mean, solid advice on both sides
Jokes on her. I havent shaved in over a decade and have no plans to ever do so. 
I don't see anything wrong with either comment.
You kids are such SJWs
Wrong sub mate
I don't see why it can't be both ways.
Relevant that the girl is wearing makeup and the guy is sporting a beard.
This sub should advocate for all men's rights, including transmen. 
Tendies
I don't think this is really a men's rights issue.  Probably more of a /r/tumblrinaction or /r/kotakuinaction post.
Thor and Angelina Jolie are both overrated. This bitch only knows Thor from the movies, it's not like he always has a beard in the comics. Fucking posers. 
Try selling this one in /r/pussypassdenied instead.
This should be in /r/tumblrinaction. What has this got to do with the MRM?
Is men's rights a joke? 

Apparently is if this is an issue.
Double standards like this, unfortunately, will always exist, because some people out there think they are god's gift to the rest of us.  It's entitlement, plain and simple.
I happen to think that Pee-wee Herman is absolutely adorable. 

Paul Reubens on the other hand....
nice burn
1. Caitlyn's makeup is actually pretty fucking well done. Not surprising considering her family

2. What does this have to do with men's rights?
The cringe isn't in this woman's joke or this guy's rather lame rebuttal, but rather in OP's submitting this as an issue deserving of consideration from Men's Rights for some reason.

This isn't a dig at men, or even all men with beards.  It's a pretty toothless quip about beards possibly obscuring other facial features.  What is so scandalous here?
The transphobia really isn't necessary.
I just read through all the comments. Boy there sure are a lot of people subbed to mensrights just waiting for an opportunity to hate and deride it. 

Some troll posts a shit post that could only slightly be relevant and then those of us that care about men's issues are blamed for it. Screw you if you just came here to hate.
/r/niceguys
Yall are taking this way too seriously. No it isn't men's rights,  but it's something lighthearted for a change. You're sitting here calling everyone triggered SJWs and children when that's exactly how you're acting. 
I mean, this guy probably should shave his beard. 

But aside from that, the fuck is with this sub? Do you guys even pretend to actually be about equality anymore? Or are you finally coming to terms with the idea that a ton of your users are just here for a safe space to shit on women? 
Both are hilarious IMO.
Up vote for content in brackets
I think both statements have some truth to them.  
I think both of those statements are fair. 
Hilariously true. 
There isn't a single person left on earth that can take a joke. Jesus. 
I'm guessing they are referring to Jolie before she paid to get her tits cut off.
Haha, beautiful. 
[deleted]
Thought this was /r/TumblrInAction for a second 
[deleted]
Give that guy a beer

Fuck it, someone just give him an entire brewery 
You TiA guys are always saying "reee feminism has not place in modern society! Quit getting triggered over little things!"

Then they post shit like this all the time...
[deleted]
Wow shocking that this post comes from /u/cryobabe, the karma farmer who posted stolen content last week about a school assignment. 
Congrats for reaching r/all/top/ (of the day, top 50) with your post!
&nbsp;

*****

*^I ^am ^a ^bot, ^probably ^quite ^annoying, ^I ^mean ^no ^harm ^though*

*^Message ^me ^to ^add ^your ^account ^or ^subreddit ^to ^my ^blacklist*
Has anyone here seen the episode of Shitts Creek, where the daughters (Alexa) boyfriend shaves his beard?  She takes offense and asks him why he didn't consult her first.   Then she dumps him because of it.  It's hilarious. 
so meta
Dude if I shave I look younger. What do you want? What do you expect?
Both good advice.
Don't date anyone who can't spell "you".
"Just now"
[BOOM ROASTED](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aCOAkQf25Eo)
a beard does for men what contour does for women
I mean they're both funny. 
actually i see no problem with this either way. It's good advice for anyone who is attracted to <gender>. 

If I suddenly managed to stop thinking that boy parts are icky and became attached to a guy who had a glorious and stately beard, I too believe it would be prudent to find out how he looks without it.
I'm going to be 30 in a few days and I've been wearing a beard nearly constantly at least since I was 15 and it wasn't really worth calling a beard back then. Why would I shave? It's what you see is what you get. Meh.
I agree with both of these things. Is that not allowed?
Some people dont like beards. Wheres the issue here?
A lot of concerned commenters here.
Both look pretty valid to me.
This is literally just a joke lol
I dunno. Caitlyn Jenner is a pretty attractive for a woman her age. Makeup can't "roll back the years" so much so that a woman in her 60s can pass for a woman in her 30s. Not without extensive plastic surgery; and that shit doesn't come off in the shower. 
I mean either one is ok just don't get your panties in a bind over it.
To be fair, this is kind of true. Or at least for me it is
I mean...it was a joke. Going on blast about a silly joke is kind of pathetic.
Angelina Jolie? Ptttttht.
Holy fuck these comments have turned to shit, I understand some of them questioning whether the post fits the subreddit or the movement in general but far too much is just childish name-calling from both sides. To me it looks like there isn't enough information to determine whether either of them are serious.
6^b^HFbIR%K9StsL:[0dMR0P*L1[Fod~
I thought her comment was pretty funny to be honest, and then he followed it up with a similarly amusing comment of his own. what's the problem?
"Some women are stupid bitches, therefore all men are oppressed" jesus you guys are so desperate haha 
[deleted]
This is why we don't take your sub seriously
When you see a man in the street he basically looks like that when he rolls out of bed - women on the other hand....
Maybe put a humor tag on this crap. 
I like how his "top lady" is still Angelina. Found a 90s baby.
Is this all the sub is about now? People coming in to incessantly concern troll about what content they expect to see here, while never contributing anything except petty insults and denigration?
The top one is funny, you're all a bunch of insecure manbabies who blame women for your problems
Wow, you guys are so oppressed. A woman didn't say the same about women, oh noooo^oooo^^ooo
Because it's okay when they do it to us

Hello and welcome to /r/MensRights. If you are not a subscriber, please take a moment to understand what you are seeing.

This subreddit is about [the issues faced by men in our society](https://www.reddit.com/r/MensRights/wiki/framework).

We welcome healthy debate and you won't be banned merely for disagreement. It is common here to reject feminist ideology, but that doesn't mean we hate women or oppose equal rights. Rather, we seek to expand those equal rights to include men.

[These are some of the best discussions we've had](http://www.reddit.com/r/MensRights/wiki/discussion). There is also [a documentary made by a feminist who investigated our movement](http://theredpillmovie.com/). If you want to know more about the issues we are concerned with, try these books: [The War Against Boys by Christina Hoff Sommers](https://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2000/05/the-war-against-boys/304659/) or [The Myth of Male Power by Warren Farrell](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Myth_of_Male_Power).

Thank you for being open minded.

**EDIT:** [The image showing an equivalent page about female skaters is not real](https://www.reddit.com/r/MensRights/comments/7wucv7/because_its_okay_when_they_do_it_to_us/du3j4yn/). However, it helps to put the issue in perspective.
[deleted]
Ugh, great job buzz feed, way to demean accomplished athletes. 
I really don't care, talk about bulges all you want, just don't preach when someone talks about tits and ass. I would rather have people feeling comfortable about bulges and T&A than having a whole society with a repressed sexuality.
We should see the best T&A for female luge, right? They are doing that next I assume?
The comments section is fantastic. Anyone pointing out the double standard is told to “lighten up, women have had to deal with this for years!”. Completely missing the point that male behavior like this is now a social and job death sentence. One woman commentator makes the point that there is no such thing as sexism or misandry towards men and it’s just a “fun article”.

The second amusing theme is when a woman agrees that this article is trashy and other women gang up to accuse her of “ripping down other women”. 
[deleted]
And then there was the female commentator gushing over the shirtless dude in the opening ceremonies
If I became a billionaire, and had the kind of "fuck you" money that we all wish we had, I would buy buzzfeed, fire their entire staff and shut down the business. What a waste of space and clicks. 

Edit: Guys I didn't think I needed to /s this post, I wouldn't actually do this if I became a billionaire. Can't we all just agree that Buzzfeed is awful without reverting to the "ummm ackshully" stereotype that's often put on MRA's? 
It's good that the vast majority of comments on that tweet are pointing out the hypocrisy.
When people say feminism is projection, this is *exactly* what they are referring to.

Remember, it's the most perverted that are pushing puritanism while simultaneously pushing public sex.  It's about power. I can fuck someone and have it all out in the open, I can oogle at their "bulge" but if you touch my shoulder you're being overly sexual and need to be fired/ostracized until you kill yourself.

They did this with swimming, same publication, same group.  But *we're the perverts* because we might have a sex drive.

Never forget who the people are pushing this new red scare.  They're not nuns and monks. They're the kind of people who have orgies, public sex, threesomes, random sex in the bathroom. Have you done those things?  Have you participated in an orgy?  Then why are you listening to people who go to them tell you *you're* the pervert? It's projection. They think that way, and they're such narcissists they assume you do as well.
"11 Beach Volleyball women with gold metal tits!" 
Feminist here from /r/all - no, it’s not okay. Call them out on this bullshit. It’s demeaning, objectifying and a huge double standard.
They’ve always done it. It’s just today that everyone knows it. 
Can people not understand that it's shitty both ways? They're not mutually exclusive opinions
[deleted]
Alternate title: female journalists are too clueless to know that male athletes wear cups.
God I fucking hate buzzfeed.
#metoo
11 Women's Butts that all deserve gold medals

Imagine the foam and froth that'd come from peoples ~~sjw's~~ mouths
If there wasnt a double standard, I wouldn't care about this at all. It's really the double standard that is the problem. 
It's ok when every one does it.
I went on the Buzzfeed twitter because I wanted to see the article in full, and [this was the most recent tweet](https://imgur.com/0w7tacS)
You don't know the rules. 

1. Any kind of sexual attention or objectification   from women or  by  women is a gift and since it's never unwanted because men always want it,  it can never be bad.

2. On the off chance men dont like it. Tough. All men owe  all women for the behavior of some  other men.


https://www.elitedaily.com/life/culture/okay-to-objectify-men/1106317/amp?__twitter_impression=true

here's an article someone linked in the comments to justify buzzfeed's tweet
I had to read that sentance a few times before I realized they were talking about penis bulges. It was literally too bizarre of a statement to process right away,.
This doesn't bother me outside of the double standard situation. 

Does this bother anyone besides that?
What did you expect from Buzzfeed, it's a garbage dump.
No, it's not okay
That's Buzzfeed for you. Hypocrisy and double standards at it's finest. I have no problems with checking out guys' bulges and asses (gay man here). In fact, keep the pics coming! But don't get mad when other people wanna do the same for women's tits and asses.
Woman here: Always felt thos was super disgusting. I have NEVER seen an article from a major publication discussing olympians breasts/butts/cameltoes. But I have seen several buzzfeed/cosmo/etc articles oggling men in athletic competitions. 

This is gross. It's dehumanizing and, frankly, has no place in a world pushing gender equality.
See I think this (in general) is FINE, because I also think it’s FINE to do it to women.
Can someone link the article
Bottom feed
"Equality only applies to women. Between women."

- Buzzfeed
They do realize that these guys are wearing cups, right? 
These guys dont dedicate their lives to a sport to then be objectified. Shame on buzzfeed
Can someone link the twox and feminism posts with the outcry of how this objectifies men and the subsequent backlash that buzzfeed will get by our feminist protectors? 

There isn't one? 

What? 

I thought feminism was for everyone? 
Buzzfeed is a friggin joke. They are one of the most ridiculous sites. 
*Why I quit Buzzfeed*
Every time I see something like this, all I can think is that you're doing it backwards.

Who the hell actually wants a society in which even more people spend even more time and energy being all righteously indignant about ultimately inconsequential stuff?  It's not bad enough that we already have too many women who are too humorless and too keen to find something to be offended over - in the interest of "equality" we have to have a bunch of men who are also too humorless and too keen to find something to be offended over?  

True equality would be a site that ran the same sort of series with women lugers.  And when women choose to get all righteously indignant over it, just link them to this one.
BuzzFeed is cancer
No, you don't understand. You're a man and aren't entitled to have those opinions. It's only our female overlords who posses that power.

Trust me, I'm a cuck. 
To be fair in women’s Olympic volleyball, volleyball comes in second place to objectification for why people watch it.  

It definitely goes both ways.
Of course it's fucking buzzfeed
I can't wait for the top 10 camel toes!~
Fuck Buzzfeed. Fucking hypocritical wankers.
Buzzfeed is basically Cosmo in sheeps clothing. 
Come the fuck on BuzzFeed
Actually. I'm ok with this. That just means it's fine for the exact same article about women. 
Must be cold there too! 
This makes me upset. 
It's not okay either way.
that one bitch spamming that family guy meme. lol
They have an [entire tag devoted to bulge](https://www.buzzfeed.com/tag/bulge).  

(and one for cameltoe, cleavage, penis, pecs, nipples... and probably more, but I can only get so offended before I start losing brain cells)
[There was this as well](https://imgur.com/a/P1afE)

I’m for equal treatment and don’t mind being objectified, but this casual hypocrisy is bullshit. 
Gonna go post an article on women’s bulges, I shall return.
Yeah it's a shitty double standard, but am I the only one which doesn't have a problem with these kind of things? Yeah they're accomplished athlete and that's incredible, doesn't mean they can't be hot. I'd much rather everyone just got over themselves a bit and realised making comments about people's attractiveness doesn't mean that's all anyone sees about them.
BuzzFeed is so crass. Blech! 🤢
Buzzfeed is not journalism, and they demonstrate the fact in such posts.   Perhaps they could grow an upright spine that wasn't focused on shareholder value?

At least there are plenty of people (both men and women) calling BF out for their shit in the comments.

They did the same in the summer olympics though
Anybody feel like a class-action lawsuit?
Imagine genders reversed.
r/cringeanarchy
I mean, we're having outrage right now. There's less outrage but there's also less posts like this talking about junk.
In comparison, there are way more posts about camel toes, big tits/ass on female athletes. 
I think it's always okay. 
Submit complaints too sites that repost it.  Just posting it here isn't enough
It's BuzzFeed 
How dare you sexualize women! 

........gotta love the endless hypocrisy 
[deleted]
Just a thought...I feel like it should be okay for them to do this to us and also that it should be okay for them to do this to women. I just want to highlight that distinction..
Is the position of this sub that Buzzfeed should run these kinds of “stories” about men and women, or that they shouldn’t run stories on either?
[deleted]
Lol buzzfeed
Them, too.
Does this man not have arms?
My wife said they all looked small, but she's just used to seeing my massive balls in 32° gear. 
Fuck Buzzfeed 
i wish women would talk about my bulge 😥
You’re probably right 
To be fair I can't tell about that picture on the right I see a bulge and a camel toe all at the same time.
They can do that to us, and we can do that to them too... Someone will always be around to complain though
Make a website and every article they make about sexually objectifiying men. Make one that sexually objectifies women. Just do it. I'm tired of hearing the unequal treatment. If women complain, link them to the most recent article in which it happened to men. 
This is the sort of trash that Buzzfeed represents. 
How do we know that it was some pervy women and not some pervy gay guys? 

By the way autocorrect changes pervy to perky but I'm way ahead of it.
Fuck Buzzfeed
There is even a youtube [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WSeUU0L7rpo).
I didn't know girls like buldges 
Something something sexism is power + privilege.

Something something crazy patriarchy conspiracy is real.

Something something can't be sexist against men.

Something something therefore this isn't objectification or if it is it isn't harmful (because we all know every dude loves his package shrink wrapped and immortalized when smushed into a skin tight suit).
Thats true I’m all for the rights of people of colour and different genders to be equal as they haven’t been in the past but now some feminists want either men to have less rights or women to have more 
You wouldn't hear the END of it!
Well, no, it isn't. But just because people are vocal about sexism towards women doesn't mean that it stops. 
stupid sexy luger
